This is the primary reason that I stopped watching NBC and MSNBC!  They consistently make incendiary comments,  and many times they are not supported by even the flimsiest of facts.   I guess to some MSNBC is an alternative to FOX,  but it seems to most viewers that FOX is a paragon of virtue when compared to MSNBC.   It appears MSNBC with their screaming,  attacking,  and demeaning is more like RUSH,  and I can only take so much of him.   We need to pull together as a nation and with this kind of stuff continually on the airwaves it is going to be hard.
I was a Republican for 30 years and changed to Independent a couple of years ago because of Bush's endless wars.  I have always believed the Republican party cared about the middle class.  I was wrong!   The Ryan budget proves one thing.   They one care about corporations,  the rich,  and the elite in this country.   On morning Joe today I heard the comment that no amount of means testing could solve the Medicare issues.   This is a flat lie.   The upper middle class and the rich love their free health care and they want to keep it.   They do not want to pay more nor do they want their taxes increased to protect the poor or help the middle class never mind it was the middle class for the last 70 years that has indirectly paid more than their fair share.   The money that was to go into to medicare and social security was going into the general fund.  For the most part it was the people who made under $100,000 that was paying the lions share for Social Security.  So I think it is reasonable to argue the middle class has paid more than they were suppose to pay in taxes the last 60-70 years.   Medicare and Social Security can solve their problems easily through means testing.   Here is the formula:    First,   Means test Social Security.    Second,   All income over $108,000 is subject to an additional 4% Social Security tax.  This would be in addition to the means testing.  Third,  Medicare would be means tested.    Fourth,   those with incomes and savings that provide them more than $250,000 per year would pay full premium for medicare and their deductible would be $15,000 for part A and $7,500 for Part B.   Those with incomes in retirement of $100,000 to $250,000 would have a $10,000 ded for part A and a $5,000 for part B.   Those with incomes of $50,000 to $100,000 in retirement would have a $5,000 Part A and a $2,500 for part B.   Those with incomes of less than $50,000 in retirement would pay based on a graduating scale,  but only the poorest would enjoy the current situation of only $150 ded for part B.   I don't want to hear any garbage about Medicare and Social Security not working.  The problem is the upper middle class,  the rich,  and the elite want their taxes low and they want all their government goodies as well.   Currently,  all these talking heads on TV make millions of dollars and none of them want to pay additonal Social Security taxes or have their benefits means tested nor do their want to pay the full premium for Medicare and have a high ded for part A and B,  but that is exactly what needs to happen.   This is exactly the way it should have been set up to begin with.    It was a crime for Roosevelt to allow the rich to draw Social Security but not to pay for it on their entire earnings.   This talk of raising the age of retirement is a NON-STARTER..........Yes people are living longer,  but they are not necessarily healthier.   All we would do if we increase the age is force more people to file disability.   It is time we woke up and changed these policies to suit the situation.   Medicare part A and B for the rich should essentially be a major medical plan.    Medicare part A and B for those making 50-100 should have a sizable ded. and only for the retired poor should medicare be as it is currently today.   Any talk of a voucher system designed to keep future costs down to protect the rich, elite and those in the upper tax brackets is a non-starter.   Americans are waking up to the fact that most of our countries problems started with the tax reductions of 1980.   The great Presidency of Ronald Reagan has bankrupted this country!    We need to put our house in order,   but we are not going to do it by continuing Social Security checks for the rich.   Nor by allowing the rich to protect their full income from Social Security or the rich reaping the benefits of Medicare and not paying the full premium.   THE TIME HAS ARRIVED AND THE WEALTHY HAS TO START PAYING FOR THEIR PERKS!!!!!!!!!!!!  
What I am going to say is going to sound harsh,  but I believe it is the only hope we have to deal with this third world terrorism.   We survived and thrived during the cold war because of a simple concept of mutually assured destruction.   Both sides understood that if either side launched their nuclear armaments it would mean both countries and probably the world would be destroyed.   Currently,   we have dozens of small countries that are allowing terrorist inside their borders because they believe and support the very things those terrorists are fighting for.   At the same time these countries are giving us lip service,  excepting our money,  minimal help and support.   They aren't really in an all out war to root out these terrorists.   It simply is not in their interest to do so.  Imagine this scenario.   There are 1,000 Americans traveling the globe butchering arabs,  blowing up middle easter property and generally committing carnage and mayhem.   Do  you think such a thing could happen anywhere in the world?   No it could not because no one in the world is going to financially support,  sympathize with,  or shelter any American engaged in terrorism.   These terrorists have dozens of countries and millions of people who will either help them or turn a blind eye to their behavior.   Even in European countries they are allow to stand on the street corner and preach their hate without impunity.   So what is the answer.    Anything less than a strategy similar to the cold war strategy will not work.   We have to treat countries and communities that harbor and help these people as our enemies and take them down.   We have to announce to the world that if a nuclear, biological,  or chemical weapon is detonated in our country we will find out the nationality of the people ultimately behind the disaster and that country will pay.   That means countries like Saudi Arabia will have to stop allowing their schools,  and religious institutions to preach and teach hate.   Countries like Iran,  Pakistan,  Syria etc. will be told the first time we are attacked if their people are involved they will be attacked.  No more giving them money which they turn around and give to the terrorists.   TIME TO GET TUFF!   Better we do it now before the disaster occurs.   The American people will not stand for it when it comes so you have better start making the necessary changes NOW!  
The Democrats mishandled Health Reform!    They determined to impose a nationwide system of health care regardless of how angry it made the American people.   They did this without Republican support and only about 35% of the American people in agreement.   The first time in 60 years that a program, of this significance, was foisted on the country without the other party being involved and without the support of the people.  Democrats came to the conclusion they had a veto proof Senate and regardless of the horrible economy were going to push the bill through.   They succeeded in imposing their will,  but now comes the payback for this ill conceived plan.  I do not believe,  in the final analysis,  the American courts are prepared to pass on this bill, considering the above facts.   It is going to come down to one Supreme Court Judge!   I just can't see the court allowing a small minority to determine 1/6 of the economy, when it involves such a contentious issue.   The best thing the Democrats could do is sit down at the table with Republicans and rework the entire thing before this reaches the Supremes.   I don't think the Democrats want to have the 2012 election shortly after a negative ruling of Health Care. 
Two weeks ago on another site I predicted Keith Olbermann would get fired in 2011!  I am alittle surprised it happened so quickly.   However, this guy was revolving around some galaxy many light years from this one.   This simple fact is this guy was killing NBC and for that matter all of network news.   Multiplied millions have stopped watching all programming on the big three because ABC, NBC, CBS have become megaphones for the left.   This guy and all the network new divisions are dragging down their networks regular programming.   People are infuriated with the slanted and steady diet of distorted news they are getting to the point FOX has become the only source of news for half the country.   It is way past time for the major news outlets to clean house.   The news divisions should for the most part reflect the market.   People are paying good money for CNN, and MSNBC,  Fox,  and they have a right to expect some semblance of fairness.   ABC has illustrated how far off the deep end they have fallen with their acquisition for their Sunday morning line up.   They had a powerful middle-of-the road newsman in Jake Tapper and they chose to go outside and get another reporter off the deep end.   People are just totally fed up with this foolishness and are canceling newspaper subscriptions,  and turning off CNN and the big three.   I predict CHANGES ARE COMING!   
I have never read an article more foolish or one I disagree with more than this silly article.  To suggest the country went to the polls, not even ten days ago, and in one of the most historic elections, threw out 64 Democrats from the house and then to suggest the people didn't really want to do this is, at the least, hair brained!  This kind of thinking is going to hurt the Democrats in the next election.   It seems to go along with the other nonsense we hear coming from Democrats like;  the electorate is stupid,  uneducated,  care only about their guns and bibles,  didn't understand what we were doing.   The American people know exactly what is going on in this country and they didn't approve of most of it.   If the Democrats continue to lie to themselves they are going to face an even worse disaster in the next election.   The American people hate pelosi and reed,  they want smaller government,  they want a balanced budget,  taxes kept to a minimum,  congress to work together and compromise on solving the social security and medicare issues.  Most of all they want congress to revisit health care and craft a truly bi-partisan bill.   If two years pass and non of these things get worked on there will be more Democrats and maybe Republicans shown the exit. 
Nancy Pelosi may have done a great job!   And she may be remembered as a powerful and successful Speaker!  However,   she seems to be in a state of total delusion.   This is the only the second time in my life that the Democrats have allowed themselves to become totally deluded.   Jimmy Carter was in a state of delusion and from his recent comments he still is.  Now we have Barach Obama who seems to be a carbon copy of Carter.  He is operating in a state of delusion.   He constantly attacks his own Democrats and Republicans when the American people want him to LEAD!!!   That means stop attacking and take responsiblity and work to make things better.   Are you capable of making things better?  I am beginning to wonder.
Too little to late!    He always has to increase taxes or take away tax breaks from someone in order to fund one of his pet projects.   He Never Cuts Anything!   That is why we are in desperate shape in this country.
It needs fixed Now!
I am conservative and not opposed to playing politics  but in this case we need to fix the problem and not the blame.   After the problem is fixed and cleaned up we can point fingers.   Personally,   I would like the President to give this the kind of seriousness he would give a Chernobyl like accident!!!!!  I wish he would call a meeting Tuesday morning at the White house and bring the brightest minds from the four corners of the globe to bear on this issue.   Tell the Navy beginning today the spill is their problem!!  Working with BP they are to stop the leak ASAP and clean the mess up and this is a NUMBER ONE NATIONAL AGENDA!    NOTHING LESS WILL DO.    We can't sit  back for the next 3-4 four months and watch BP play the American people like they are doing.    This disaster has to be handled and it has to be handled NOW nomatter what the cost!
People are sick of the one sided news reporting and you get a load of it on CNN!   They just don't want to change.   Most of the networks losing money won't move away from the liberal model even tho people are sick of it and even tho it is costing them money.   So they can send their message out into the ethos with no one watching.
I use to watch CNN much more than I do now.   I rarely watch any news programs and when I do I watch FOX.  I am weary with the one sided reporting and I think the majority of Americans feel the same way.   I really do not like one sided reporting.   I am sickened by what I see on MSNBC.   CNN needs to be totally down the middle and it needs to be much more combative.   Democracy is a combat sport!   Democracy is a war with bloodshed.   CNN seems to think they can pretend to be middle of the road but they are anything but middle of the road.   Middle of the road means you have guests arguing all sides of an issue and the monitors aren't all liberal in their politics.   CNN needs to get with the program.   If they continue the way they are they will cease to be a force in American news. 
For the first time in a long, long time I actually felt good about the two rulings that came out today by the Supreme Court.   I actually thought they finally "got it".    It isn't about some dead document or some political agenda it is about "us".     What is best for "our" country.    Finally,   somebody has started doing something that was good for our country.     
The last thing this country needs is another lying Senator!   Please with the problems our country faces we do not need lied to we need politicians who have the guts to speak the truth.   This fellow has a basic character flaw and that is another thing we don't need another Senator with major character flaws.   When are we going to wake up in this country!
As a conservative republican I would like to see a moderate appointed to the supreme court.   I am not naive enough to think that is going to happen.   Considering the choices Obama put forward to pick from I think this Kagan woman is as good as any.   I think it is a mistake to make a big fight over this pick.   We need to stay focused on the election.   Attacking this woman would only seem narrow and unwarranted by the American people.   Right now Republicans are in a position to gain seats in the fall an attack on Elena Kagan could not help our position in the fall.   In fact,   I think it is not in the best interests of either party to fight over the supreme court pick this summer.   People are in a angry state of mind and there is no way to know exactly how the American people would react to attacks regarding a Supreme court pick.   My advice let her go onto the court without any fanfare.   
If your logic is correct would you apply it to John F. Kennedy or how about Robert Kennedy.   How about applying your distorted logic to Martin Luther King Jr.   Maybe you have heard the axiom that goes,  "that which proves to much proves nothing."   Such is the case with your proofs regarding moral behavior and particular members of society.   People act out for a lot of reasons and many of those reasons have little to do with morals.   Sometimes they are a reflection of the tremendous amounts of stress certain people put themselves under.   Then again some of us just compartmentalize our lives.   Whatever I am growing very tired of the media types drawing to much from a 32 year old billionaire acting out in mid-life.    He is not a politician!    Please get out of his life and just leave him alone and give the rest of us a little rest. 
This is not the USSR despite what the Democrats think!   Come November we intend to show them what we think.   They are going to pay and pay dearly for betraying the American people 
As a lifetime Republican I am going to be very very disappointed if my fellow Republicans don't get totally behind these reforms.   This is the kind of bill I think has been needed for a very long time.   Republicans should oppose the President when he is wrong  but when he is right they should get on board.   In the case of this education bill he is absolutely right.   REPUBLICANS SHOULD FAST TRACK THIS BILL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am an Independent.   I voted for Barach Obama!    However,   I do not approve of highhanded tactics to overrule the American people.   I think if the Democrats do this it will be a catastrophe for Democrats on par with what watergate was for Republicans.
This is the first article I have read about Health care that I have agreed with.   I think first if they want this thing to pass they will have to change the name and call it something other than Health Care legislation.  In addition,   your ideas to keep costs down are super but I don't think the Democrats will ever buy into it.  You know if the Democrats hadn't gone into this thing with the attitude of take it or leave it and we are goin get all we can get and included Republicans from the beginning and especially if Obama had had the guts to take on the Lawyers from the beginning we would have a bill right now.   Here we are a year later and his presidency is on the line and he still won't take on the lawyers.   It is too bad but bi-partisanship always seems to be directed at the Republicans by the media,   but I see little or none of it from Democrats.   Our whole country is in sad shape because we need to get away from political parties and start getting pragmatic before it is too late.  However,  having said that I am furious that the Democrats have wasted two years messing with this at a time when we need some many other things done.
Like most Americans I am just worn out with this foolishness!   I don't understand how we have a president who goes on national television asking for bipartisanship the very day he releases a bill that epitomizes that very thing.     He knows how sick the country is of this issue!   He knows we are practically bankrupt!   He knows that the majority of Americans are against this bill!   And yet he persists!   I just don't understand when he only has six months to get legislation passed before the election to try and get his party out of the deep hole they have dug for themselves and he goes back and starts again on what appears a losing issue.   I do sympathize with the President he came so close,   but you just can't do things of this magnitude without the support of the American people.   I don't see these skittish congressman passing something like this.   I can't imagine how damaging it will be to the Democrats if they were to spend the next 6 months arguing over this bill.   I am 60 years old and this is the first time I have ever seen a political party risk so much so close to an election.,
The Democrats really have no one to blame for this but themselves.   Bayh has been pretty well and he had a better than average chance of winning.   The moderates in the Senate are sick and tired of this extreme liberalism and the chronic bickering it is causing in our country.   The simple fact is the people do not support Obama and the liberal Democrats and their agenda.   It appears against the will of the people they are going to try and use reconciliation to ram it down our throat which result in nothing short of an all out war.    Democrats are going to continue losing some of their best if they persist in this hopeless and hapless path they have chosen.
I am reluctant to give Haiti any money until they turn those baptists loose!    We are spending billions helping them and they lock up 10 people trying to help them.   I don't believe for a minute those 10 people were trying to market those children.    
I am reluctant to give Haiti any money until they turn those baptists loose!    We are spending billions helping them and they lock up 10 people trying to help them.   I don't believe for a minute those 10 people were trying to market those children.    
Obama is not up for election so why should he compromise!   After all he is not the one who is going to have to go home at the end of this year.   His career will not end at the end of 2010.   You can bet the speech he gave tuesday night would have been substantially different if he was up for reelection.   That is why he is a total hippocrite!   Frankly,   he intends to push his bogus socialist agenda as long as he can.   So we can expect, one degree or another,  the same issues that have infuriated the American people will be shoved down our throats between now and the fall.   Of course,   you can be certain the speech he gives next January will be quite contrite.   It won't do him any good.   The American people see him for what he is;  a arrogant,  self-involved,  promoter who doesn't understand the people of this country or really care about them.   Expect his party to fall and afterward the demise of the great one.    
I must say how surprised  I am by the negativity toward Ms Gilbert and Eat Pray Love. She's a writer who went on a very interesting journey paid for by a publisher and then wrote about it,  How pathetic the nasty envy for a balanced, happy extremely generous, honest human being. Such petty thinking.  Isn't a wealthy, independent woman allowed to have her story and write about it. Lighten up people. And those who never read it, do not judge the book by the movie. 
Elizabeth Gilbert is a joy to read, listen to and think about. Her understanding and openess about  the mystery of life give such comfort. . As John Keats wrote, "a thing of beauty is a joy forever," and Elizabeth has created that in herself and her work.  Humans will be reading her encouragement of existence always. I thank her very much for sharing herself so. Her words and being help me.
Consciousness exists in many dimensions.  
The Mayor needs to slip into a Twilight Zone episode where he is poor and a minority and is constantly stopped and frisked wherever he goes. Then he may have empathy for the horror of this policy. 
Stop and frisk is  a very dangerous risk to basic American laws of this land. Dangerous neighborhoods need more surveillance, but the stop and frisk policy goes against America's civil law principle, and we must guard against abuse of any kind by not allowing it. In airports they announce what we are subject to, so we know what to expect, but in front of people's residences, walking in the neighboorhood, no. We must protect our rights no matter what the nighborhood. The police just must walk the beat and hope they see a crime in progress, or very, very suspicious activity. Stopping and talking, yes, stopping and frisking an invasion of privacy.
Marvelous column, Maureen.  Recently I watched the movie, The Shoes of the Fisherman from 1968, and remembered how when the Russian Pope puts  up all the Church's wealth to save the Chinese people from starvation and avoid a world war. If only the Catholic chruch truly lived by the true teaching of Jesus, to love thy neighbor as thyself, to live simply.  The Catholic Church will have to change as the world is changing, communicating, discovering the truth of one humanity all trying to survive on this planet.
Yes, leaps of faith can take us to the most rewarding places. Luckily for Don Quixote, he just found himself in the meadows. Too many have to actaully fight the serpents and lizards in the the black bog in order to get through to the beauty. Like sane people have to fight through the Republican leadership of the house.
Thank you for writing about Mr. Meyers.  The love surrounding him, his love of life and his acceptance of losing such precious mementos with grace. I agree with him so on one needs a bed, clean underwear and a shower to be able to face life everyday with enthusiasm. I especially love the three glasses of wine a day.
Dear Dick,<br/><br/>Among all the horror and sadness in the world today, your essay is truly a pleasure to read. I'm so glad you made it aboard and shared with us your harrowing experience. You are a treasure Mr. Cavett. You did deserve an audience for your leap, and the ship should never have left without you
I still am baffled by the number of votes Romney won. How could ignorance be so close in a race against truth and  intelligent scientific facts of life? We, the winners of further enlightenment, must continue to fight for truth. We must help those who are born into ignorance have access to education to learn facts that support humans continuing on this exquisite planet.  In scientific earth time, humans have only been here for two seconds on a trwenty-four hour clock. I sure hope we make it to at least five seconds before we wipe ourselves out. There is hope.
Thank you for writing about this. I spoke of Rubio's statement at Thanksgiving dinner. We must never let up on ignorance trying to be truth. Science is what is by repeated experiment and study. Religion are stories by men that may be inspired by God, but they're not truth, just faith. Scientific proof must always be taught in schools.
Ego, ego, ego and boredom, boredom, boredom, even for Generals, and heads of  the CIA, and some past presidents.  Yes, sex and envy make people stupid, but.... the aforementioned is really what it is about. 
The House Republicans will be watched very carefully. Balking at helping fix the problems of the country rationally, will send them further and further into the fanatical fringe. Then, hopefully, the country will give the Democrats the ability to fix with logic and sacrifice of all understood, win both houses and make the country strong and fiscally responsible once again.. 
Good writing, but the ridiculous description of the President is really pathetic.  He's energized by the truth and that many, such as, Powell, Christie and Bloomberg realize the future of America in reality is no phantom theory anymore. We have no control over the weather and we better take the climate seriously, as well as human and women's rights. We need a brilliant, rational, compassionate President, and they acknowledged it finally.  I believe the President is going to win, and it will be so wonderful to have Romney disappear back into his hypocritical, stand for nothing, life.
Those are commendable pro-life causes that Mayor Bloomberg has instigated, but what about stop and frisk, and allowing male police officers to frisk females. An innocent woman being frisked against her will by men because she is a minority is a form of molestation so horrific,.. well, it is right up there with the thinking of Akin, Mourdock, and Walsh. Mayor Bloomberg is not giving those women a right to choose.
Sorry, Maureen, but I think you have done your sister Peggy a real disservice by telling us how backward and, yes, stupid she is to think about voting for a known liar like Romney that stands for nothing, and a vice presidential candidate that thinks a just fertalized egg is a human being.  It would be hard for me to have any respect for a sister like that. 
Your column is the most perfect explanation of the Romney/Ryan platform. Extreme lies to go along with their extreme idiology. Two very scary men who will say anything to gain power. It terrorizes me that  there are so many who believe them. Thank you.
Oh, Maureen, how can you bear the thought of a Romney/Ryan win?  They want to control women's bodies like the Taliban. The thought that there are so many people willing to give up the freedoms that women and minorities around the world have fought for by voting for these two close minded men scares me more than Bush Cheney and look at the hell they' put us through. President Obama is a brilliant, honest, decent, caring man who has devoted his life to public service and the other two are self serving white men that don't deserve the office they seek. I will be heartsick and despondent if R&amp;R win, and I'll volunteer the next day at Planned Parenthood.  Maybe I'll do that anyway, because President Obama must win.
I was very disappointed in President Obama's lack of attack at all of Mitt Romney's lies. However, Mitt Romney lied throughout, just his delivery was good. I'm hoping that conservatives will be so shocked at last night's performance by fake Democrat Mitt Romney, they won't vote for him now
Fat bullying has been going on and on and on. However, as much as I realize that there is an obesity epidemic, the constant discussion of the negativity of being overweight will give people an excuse to bully. I don't believe anyone chooses to be fat. Study after study show that overweight bodies crave food the way an alcoholic's body craves liquor. Yes, some people are much stronger than others and can fight the urge to eat successfully. Food addiction is the most prevalent addiction that shows on the human body. We must be very careful how we stigmatize overweight children, or life will become even more unbearable from the cruelty. 
I think, Maureen, you hope Romney does win, so you'll have more to write about that makes sense when you castigate a President. President Obama's speech did not in any way blame the people. He was saying that the problems were so enormous, and the Republicans so bent on his destruction that it is taking longer to solve them, and he needs four more years to make sure we stay on the right course to make this happen. Romney and Ryan will set the country back to the fifties in ignorance and lack of tolerance.  I understand your need for controversy, but I don't believe you believe what you're writing. 
No, President Obama is protecting a woman's right  to protect and govern her own body.  I'm positive the President wants it to be safe, legal and RARE, just like anyone else with common sense. But, it must remain the woman's decision.
I'm so glad, Maureen, that you are stating the scary truth about Romney and Ryan. Comparing Mitt to President Obama is truly as bizarre to me as the question, 'Did you bring your lunch or did you walk to work.' No sense at all. President Obama is running for America, not just his base. He wants to protect us from the right wing terrorizing zealots of the Republican party, and I do think that men who want to control women's bodies the way Ryan really does is on the road to Taliban thinking.  And Romney choosing such a man is on the same level as McCain picking Palin, pathetic. Anything to win, but a good excuse if they lose.<br/><br/>The President has kept America going.... no we are not out of the woods, but he said over and over when he was running in 2008 that it was a long road ahead for recovery and he has kept us on the right track.  <br/><br/>.
Venus and Serena are very nearly perfect in their tennis, manners, truth and fineness.  Their parents raised two normal yet brilliant women.  I agree they should never go back to Indian Wells. Thank you, Venus and Serena for giving us so much pleasure and excitement.  
Romney, Ryan, Cheney, W represent the white male and many a white female that are terrorized of losing control in this country. They are not willing to accept the changes of a country and world, and especially the climate.  It staggers me that after all the history of this planet, the obvious truths of science and evolution we allow ignorance to rule so many humans just born into it... and through constant communication, the ability for ignorance to be accepted in the media as truth.  Two men are running for office that have no empathy for the struggle of life for so many. They only want the status quo of the few having it all, the wealth and the power. I have to believe that intelligence, belief in the truth as proven by repeated situations through time will get us through the ignorance and selfishness of the now republican party.  A true and rational essay, Maureen. 
Giving up freedom to obtain security leads to no freedom and no security.  Just look at where our future government is headed, e.g.  North Korea, China, Saudi Arabia, England, Israel, Russia etc<br/><br/>Those people gave up freedom for security.  We are becoming a third world country.<br/><br/>Freedom is not free, many Americans have died for the freedoms we enjoyed and are presently being squandered,  where no brave statesmen in government stands up for the people.<br/><br/>-- Tomas Jeffereson
<br/>He who fights by the sword dies by the sword.
Our minds have limited intellect.  We will never conceptually understand the very fundamentals of everything.  We need to accept that and be humbled by it.  We probably exist in a multi-dimensional universe that may have an infinite number of  dimensions. The most a human mind can understand conceptually are 4 dimensions.  Any other explanations above 4 no matter how cleverly explained by mathematical symbols, string theory, multiverse, or space warping onto itself  is just a laughing stock.  Can you teach an ant crossing your table in the morning the concepts of calculus.  No matter how many different crumbs or pieces of sugar you lay out even given an googleplex of time, you will not be able to instruct the ant on the concepts of calculus.  The ant will never understand the concepts of a derivative or integral.  Well that's how our minds are when we go above four dimensional thinking.
Obviously the mistress was probably a Russian or Chinese spy that's why he had to resign.
Does anyone really believe these numbers right before the election!!  LOL
What do you expect from fake Democracy in Russia.
DLD, I "Hazard" to say your comment was Cold, yet at the same time, Comical!<br/>I can already see LR nodding in agreement!<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ
Leapy! What are you trying to "Palm" off on us now?<br/>Hee Hee Hee<br/><br/>Howie, YBOQ
MOL, EEN and Ted W, When LaLeapy talks shop, she's never out of Joints!<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ
EEN, We must look at our "Calendars" to duly take note of "Julian's" first posted comment, and/or MANTLE piece, here in WP!  LOL<br/><br/>Howie
OMG! I just espied the comment I submitted late last night where I went begging for at least five reco's, only to just discover moments after sending my last comment that my dear, kind and generous friends here in WP have dug down deep into their pockets and purses to reward me with a half Doz. of what I NEEDy most!<br/>My sincerest thanks go out to all you DHAGP*<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ<br/>* Even though you don't live in my hometown
Lasz, Oh,Thanks a lot, PAL! Your comment immediately bags the five reco's I went begging for! (BTW,one came from me)<br/>One has only to make mention of my LLR in a comment and they're assured of at least half as many reco's as she would amass on her own...SHEESH!!!<br/>I guess it's the steep price I have to pay for once again having married UP?<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ
Rich, If indeed, Mac K raises sheep dogs, I'm fairly CERTAIN it's through sheer wool power!<br/><br/>Howie
As a former 7th Army Honor Guard M.P. stationed in Stuttgart, GERMANy, back in the late 1950's, I have to criticize the saluting form of the three Fort Riley BERET wearing soldiers in the pic attached to today's blog!<br/>Of the trio, only the one in the middle comes closest to demonstrating the correct form all recruits are taught on the first day of basic training!<br/><br/>Parade rest! At ease!  Now fall out!<br/><br/>Spl 3rd class Hughes
GM, five, You're up early...Ooops! 5:30 A.M....Duh!<br/><br/>As for TIMESINK, we were Sunk by that too!<br/><br/>Howie and LR
Going by the names appended to the dozen or so posts thus far this early Saturday morn, I'd like to thank suejean for the one lone reco my NEEDY comment has received!<br/><br/>Just 'BOUT fo mo will do me...<br/><br/>WHH
Mac K, RU CERTAIN you'd love getting a PROPOSAL from Krozel in the setting of a SATXWDPuzzle?<br/>If I'm not mistaken, I'm pretty sure he's already spoken for?<br/>POTTIES of the second part?<br/>I'm sorry, MK, we'll simply have no DALENE here in WP!  Hee Hee Hee<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ
PIGMENTS of our imagination, getting a BIGBANG for our bucks from the BIGBANKS!<br/>"LEI DEI, I'm your knight in shining armor and I love you!"<br/><br/>WHH<br/>PS I really felt the BERNE @ 39A and being so NEEDY,  IWISH I GARNI at least Five reco's for this comment?
Welcome back, Jane Darling, to the friendly confines of WP, where you're always warmly thought of.<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ
John, There were two other flamboyant grapplers who were on the scene back in the late 40's at the same time as GG, and throughout the 50's, namely, "The Golden Superman" and my particular favorite "Gene 'Mr. America' Stanlee!"<br/>He, BTW, was a Chicago native, born and raised!<br/><br/>Howie
Migrant, Not even I, April Fool Numero Uno, would be foolhardy enough to engage in matching wits with LaLeapy!<br/>As a matter-of-fact, her actual likeness is posted in dictionaries around the globe next to the primary definition of "steel trap"!<br/><br/>WHH  TBOQ
But, LeapyL, I was simply going to remark on your always admirable rapier-like wit!<br/><br/>Howie, cutting away to black
Wow! spenyc, I have to say, in total awestructiveness, how utterly an assertive mood you're evidently in this Friday morn!<br/>No doubt, there's nary a drop of dairy creamer in the kitch to go with your customary cup of morning joe?<br/>Happy to report though, I found your list of queries above to be quite arresting!<br/><br/>WHH
GM, Roy Leban, Anyone who begins their comment with "I'll be brief" it's pretty much a given said comment will be read!<br/><br/>WHH
INIGO, but what doido now that I've GOTTEIN?<br/><br/>WHH
Oh, Wowie Zowie! Howie love your Bowie!<br/><br/>WHH
MTF, You bust earned a chrome plated AREOLA RINGing reco from this on the record non legman!<br/><br/>"A NODe from a Lord is breakfast for a fool"<br/><br/>"Like to the LARKs at break of day arising from sullen earth, sings hymns at heaven's gate"<br/>IKID you not, SKIDOO should have been inserted @23A!<br/><br/>ASHES to ASHER, Dawn to Dusk!<br/><br/>Howie  TFBOEH
John, I can understand why you would be ticked, especially after hearing your tale of woe, it reminded me of that WWll novel written by Lillian Hellman, and made into a Hollywood film that starred Bette Davis and Paul Lukas titled, "Whine on the Watch"  Hee Hee Hee<br/><br/>WHH
I say, John Boy!  Why has all the attention been focused upon by the LOL Insurance johnnies, down through the years, on the shapely pins of Hollywood actresses, have they ever been approached to insure the outstanding bosomy attributes owned by the likes of Mae West, Jane Russell, Jayne Mansfield, etc, etc.<br/>Since many good things come on pairs...we legions of non legmen demand parity!<br/><br/>Careful, Howie, after all, you are aware, Sir, are you not, that you've been tittering on the brink all this week here in WP?
Jimbo, You got that right, good buddy, as Bru definitely seems to strike us both, as one truly CUtE guy!<br/><br/>Howie
Good Morning, suejeanLUV, can it possibly be, that these two frightfully clever chaps 'ad you solely in mind when they 'appened to dedicate this XWDP way across the SEAs in Dear Old 'arrogate?<br/><br/>'Owie
It's long past time that Israel stop hand-wringing about Iran. Iran's leaders have made clear their intent to destroy Israel, some eagerly extending it to killing all Jews. Okay, that's what they want. They're trying to build nukes. So need to wait, not even one more day. Israel should announce that because Iran has declared its intent to destroy Israel, Israel is declaring war against Iran and will not just impede their nuclear work, but attack with every weapon at their disposal to destroy as much of Iran as is possible, leaving a lifeless shell behind. That's what war has always been about. Israel should give Iran a day or so to retract their threats. If not retracted, bombs away. Iran will deserve whatever consequences attend to their openly stated intent to wipe Israel off the map. 
Any black who dares to be other than party line Democrat is smeared by Democrats/Leftists/Progressives as an Uncle Tom, as 'not legitimately African American', as a sell-out (e.g., Clarence Thomas, Herman Cain, Allen West, Artur Davis, Condolezza Rice, etc. etc.). But Republicans do not smear the 97% of blacks who obediently vote straight line Democrat as Uncle Toms for their Democratic Party masters, nor are they slammed as not real African Americans.<br/><br/>This proves beyond reasonable doubt that it is Democrats who are obsessed with race, and deem that one is only worthy of being granted the 'African American' label if one has beliefs that Democrats approve of. That, my friends, is racism of the first order. 
A better question: Is there any reason to negotiate with or provide a single dollar of aid, drop of water, or morsel of food to Arabs who daily shriek 'kill all Jews' and 'Death to America". Of course not. Let them drink their hate, eat their hate, feed their 'children' hate until they dry up and blow away.
How come Rosenthal and commenters fail to remind us who was the world's first 'birther'? Yes, a nasty, racist, ignorant fool, to be sure. Someone named Barack Hussein Obama, the very person who wrote on his agent and publishers bio way back before he was famous, that he was born in Kenya and his father was Minister of Finance there. Yes, he did correct these lies...17 years later, when he started running for President. Since we know Obama was born in Hawaii, why in the world would he spout the vile 'birther lie' that he was born in Kenya, and factually be the 'father' of birthism. <br/><br/>Word is out that it's because he applied to universities as a foreign student, perhaps to get certain valuable financial assistance limited to foreign students. Only by releasing his school records can Obama prove that he did not fraudulently apply as a foreign student, as he proudly proclaimed for years in his bio.
Amazing how all the replies to Jeff's comment defend Joe Wilson. When he collaborated with the NYT to write his article, natural questions arose 'who is this guy?' and 'who sent him to Niger?', where apparently he lounged around the pool, having no experience with the country, and somehow used his alcohol-fueled frolicking in the sun to make claims re what Iraq was trying to do re Niger. When it came out that his wife was involved in sending him, that she had an anti-Bush chip on her shoulder, and she was not in any manner a current undercover CIA operative, but an office worker who drove to the CIA every day. Yeah, some 'undercover' agent. Maybe she was at one time, but certainly not at the time of the scandal. Proof? Fitzgerald prosecuted nobody for releasing the name of a 'covert agent'.  All he did was entrap Libby for forgetting, when Fitzgerald already knew who mentioned Plame, one of Colin Powell's 'moderate' lackies, and that it was not a criminal disclosure. But to the NYT and its commenters, anything leftists do is right and proper, and anyone who opposes leftists is evil. The stupidity of the people here, reflecting block-head reasoning, never ceases to amaze.
To david st. clair. Okay, you're right. Not every Kennedy was a mysogynist sleazeball. But check your history. Rape, child molestation (okay, it was an early teen baby sitter), philandering (you're really arguing that this never happened among Kennedy Catholics?), and yes, Ted Kennedy committed at least manslaughter in his drunk driving, fleeing scene of Mary Joe Kopechne's death. And not to forget the belief by many in the know that the Kennedy's were responsible for the death of Marilyn Monroe.<br/><br/>And, yes, Bill Clinton was not only accused of rape, but of aggrevated rape by Juanita Broderick, who gave a detailed recitation of his brutal assault, which culminated in him biting her lip. Candy Crowley nervously brought this up one time, then dutifully let it slide, as did the NYT and other MSM. Perhaps that's why you falsely believe Clinton was NEVER accused. Was he guilty? Who knows, since he was NEVER questioned about Broderick's charges and her claim that Hillary subsequently pressed her to keep her mouth shut.<br/><br/>So SHAME ON YOU, Clair! At least get your facts partially right.
One should consider the source when Dems accuse Republicans of waging a 'war on women' and are 'women haters'. Sure, Akin is an idiot and should have withdrawn. But I hope Republicans remind Americans about the multiple women who said Bill Clinton raped, molested, exposed himself to them. And Americans should recall that 'women' like Boxer, Hillary, Wasserman Schultz and countless other self-proclaimed feminists defended Clinton, thus are factually pro rape as long as the rapist is a liberal democrat. So perhaps we should differentiate between 'actual rape' and 'rape by Democrat', the later by definition not rape. <br/><br/>Then we've got Democratic Party hot shot, John Edwards, a cruel, vicious treater of women whom the Democratic Party women drooled over. And who can forget the archetype Democrats, those Kennedy rascals. With few exceptions, every Kennedy clan male was a rapist, child molester, philanderer, and/or engaged(es) in countless other acts of abuse of women.<br/><br/>And who could forget Hollywood, Rap Musicians and self-proclaimed political satirists like Maher, who use the most degrading terms for women whose political views vary from leftist dogma. No word of protest from Boxer or Wasserman Schultz or Sandra Fluck or any other self-proclaimed determiners of whom is pro and who is anti women.<br/><br/>I hope Republicans have every woman raped or otherwise assaulted by a prominent Dem or Dem supporter hold court during the Dem convention, and show what a real war on women is like.
Wake up, 'young citizen'. It is Obama that has refused to meet with or compromise with Republican congressional leaders. He acts like a Dictator. The fool's so-called budgets have garnered precisely zero votes in Congress. None from Dems, none from Reps. He know virtually nothing about anything except how to win elections, having benefited from affirmative action, to the harsh detriment of our country. How can you possibly think the idiot in the White House is 'for the people' when he hasn't met with his Jobs Council in at least half a year, and won't even provide the few bucks necessary to get his impoverished brother in Kenya out from his slum shack. The guy had to get 1k from D'Nesh DeSouza for needed medical care. Guess Obama was too busy spending yet another 6k on a lavish shirt for Michelle.
Krugman is a hyperpartisan Democratic Party propogandist. Therefore, nothing he says about the Newsweek article can be considered truthful beyond their constituting the latest Democratic Party talkng points.
To E.G.,<br/>
The Pakistani Doctor who helped us identify Bin Laden was arrested by Pakistan and will probably be executed or murdered in jail, because Obama's blabbermouths spilled this top secret info. How many others have died or will refuse to cooperate with us because Obama has divulged virtually every secret in our war against Islamists (e.g., the Stuxnet reveal; methods galore). Elevate Valerie Plame if you wish, but it's obvious that the NYT collaborated with her husband to publish an article that lied about his own findings, and then you and your ilk shrieked with rage when people asked the obvious questions: who the hell is this guy  splashing at least partial lies across the NYT opinion page (he did find that Iraq did try to acquire yellow cake), why was he sent to Iraq, and by whose orders. It certainly wasn't Cheney. If there was any concern about protecting Plame's identity, this is hardly the way to do it, and suggests more likely a conspiracy between Plame, her husband, and the NYT leftists to destroy Bush.
The main thrust of this group of Seals is that Obama has divulged military and security secrets, intending to make him look like some kind of warrior. If I recall, the NYT had dozens of front page headlines and commenters were daily red-faced with rage and hatred toward Bush for 'unmasking a CIA operative', which they didn't (she was a CIA office worker in DC, openly known to work for them), whom even the Special Prosecutor didn't  find was any undercover operator. Yet anyone who dares protest Obama and his gang of thugs releasing high level secrets about methods and operations that surely endanger American lives is smeared as some sort of 'evil monsters' by the NYT and the same formerly red-faced commenters.
Reading all these comments about how Hezbollah is a viable political organization that warrants respect, even though they call for destroying Israel and killing all Jews, will the same commenters demand understanding of the KKK in America, and call for blacks to deal respectfully with the KKK and perhaps welcome them opening a large headquarters on 125th Street? And the KKK doesn't even call for the extermination of blacks. But call for killing Jews just because they're Jews...hey, lighten up. No problem. Probably their fault. 
Here's an alternative to stop and frisk, that so many minorities castigate. End all Section 8 housing support for other than the elderly, the recently unemployed, and the handful of truely disabled. Evict immediately all non-working, all single mothers on welfare, all families where anybody has committed a crime of theft or violence. Then end all welfare giveaways to these same non-contributors. Then use the saved money to hire trained private militias to police the city streets so ordinary people can walk, work, and life safely. 
Obama has no viable economic plan. Zero members of Congress voted for whatever nonsense he proposed. The Democratic Party that controls the Senate have refused to vote for any budget during Obama's term. But more than 240 in the House voted for and passed Ryan's budget., which like all economic bills passed by the House, Senate leader Reid refused to let come up for a vote. <br/><br/>Any one whose mind isn't addled can see that Obama and the Senate Democrats are the extremists re economic matters and the budget. Saying Romney/Ryan are 'extremists' is the NYT and Democrats engaging in Orwellian double-talk. <br/><br/>Anyone who listened this weekend to Debbie Wasserman Shultz and Rachel Maddow embarrass themslves with mindless talking-point talk talk while discussing Medicare, which Obama's crowd wants to slash in favor of the dependent crowd, could see who the serious persons in the room are, and they'r sure not the likes of the slash and burn leftists.
'Supposed' ties to Islamist extremists??? Huma's father, mother, and only sibling (brother) are major players in Muslim Brotherhood and similar Islamist organizations. Given that she's someone whose entire family are Islamists, it would be ludicrous to not investigate what the hell's going on there. Especially since Abedin married an important Jewish politician, and is supposedly influencing Secretary of State Clinton re Middle East matters. No way Abedin can get a security clearance unless via nefarious means, given her family connections.
Get some facts before you speak. It is Obama that is slashing 700 Billion from TODAY's Medicare recipients so he can give handouts to the gimme gimme gimme crowd. Republicans want to allow ALL CURRENT Medicare recipients and those over 55 to get Medicare exactly as it is today. <br/><br/>The program must be changed for younger Americans, as Ryan/Romney argue, to preserve medical support for them when they get older. The Obama/WassermanShultz plan is to keep everything the same forever, and watch dumfounded when, as predicted, Medicare goes bankrupt in 12 years. <br/><br/>Yes, 12 years. That's your cherished Democrats for you. Push current Medicare recipients off the cliff so their young, dependent class voters can get free or virtually free rides..for a few years. Then, nothing. Yeah, Obama! Yes we can! Whoohoo!.
Actually, Obama de facto apologized for America numerous times abroad, whether or not he used that precise word. A rose by any other name...<br/><br/>And yes, Obama did make the precise disparaging remarks and more about business people that Romney said he did. So now saying something means you didn't say it? Only if Obama is functionally illiterate, not able to match single with single, plural with plural. Is Krugman arguing that Obama spoke in an illiterate manner.<br/><br/>And perhaps Krugman might be intellectually honest enough to specify that the Tax Policy Center is a hard left institution, using their own leftist assumptions, not Romney's, meaning nothing they conclude can be taken at face value.<br/><br/>So it seems that the fraudulent one here is none other than Krugman, as usual.
It's funny to read the NYT and Democratic Party supporters (99% of those permitted to post here) whining with fake outrage about Kochs, Adelson, whomever. But never a word about the greedy Hollywood, Fashion and Music Industry millionairres and billionairres who are lavishing money on Obama (e.g., Harvey Weinstein, Anna Wintour, Spielberg, Katzenberg, rappers, Matt Damon, Julia Roberts, Letterman, Stuart, Colbert, Springstein). Obama buried old fool McCain in 2008 with nearly a billion lavished on him by plutocrats in entertainment and finance. Now, thanks to Citizens United, and the tables are turned, leftist crybabies go wa wa wa. Chickens coming home to roost. 
You're obviously referring to blacks as victims. However, the amount of violent crimes committed by contemporary White Supremicists is miniscule, while the amount of violent crimes committed by contemporary blacks is astronomical. <br/><br/>It's criminal profiling, not racial profiling, that is being done, and has undoubtedly saved many lives. But the diversity crowd only knows 'black good', 'white bad'. If blacks like you want to stop being profiled, then stop your fellow blacks from committing so many violent crimes. 
Better than slavish devotion to Hugo Chavez;  trembling with fear at attacking Iran, which openly pledges our destruction; and bowing at the feet of a worthless United Nations led by garbage dump African and Arab dictatorships.
"Democrats are far better at governance than Republicans"??? That is truely laughable. Democrats run virtually every major city in America, and the result is unions gone wild, welfare parasitism uber alles, garbage schools despite spending nearly 20ki/year/'student', flash mobs, filth, corruption at every level, etc.. Detroit. Los Angeles. Chicago. Philadelphia. Cleveland. Oh, yeah, those Dems are really good at governance. Bwahahahahahahah! 
Re  Ben...Clinton left Bush with a dot com bubble burst, a collapsed NASDAQ, the start of a recession, and Al Queda, which developed and spread worldwide under Clinton's too chicken to act gang, and which planned 9/11 under his administration while Clinton's emasculated crew fretted about privacy rights of terrorists. The job growth during Clinton's terms were due to his cutting Capital Gains taxes and the dot com revolution, only the later of which he was responsible for, and which clueless Obama is determined to reverse. 
Krugman predictably toots his one note horn. All hate all the time against Republicans, or any other person who dares disagree with his 'spend us into poverty' Keynsian hackery. Dems controlled both houses of Congress from 2006 to 2010, and the Presidency from 2008. Yet to Krugman and the NYT bobble headed readers/commenters, it's those evil Republicans and the 'rich' who are responsible for our economic problems.  To blame Republicans for the housing collapse, and smear nonpartisan career employee DeMarco the latest scapegoat is yet another fact-free Alinsky 'rules for radicals' scam by Krugman and his merry band of dogmatic leftist collectivists. 
If a group's culture plays so little role in it's members productivity and quality of life, why within the extended boundaries of every major population center in America, Europe, Asia and Africa, one can one predict with virtual certainty which population subgroups live quality lives and which are mired in violence, out of wedlock births, lack of productive effort in schools and work (even within schools, the relative accomplishments between subgroups are wildly disparate). Ridicule the role cultural values of groups and subgroups living within the same geographic and sea-access areas as accounting for differences in the quality of their lives if you wish, but no amount of terror at deeming the un PC notion that some cultures are behaviorally superior to others can wash that inconvenient truth away..
The Fed is not to blame for the depressed economy. Obama refused to move aggressively to promote private sector jobs when he was elected, despite having veto proof majorities in Congress. Instead, he spent two years on a bogus multi-thousand page 'health insurance' bill because it fit his leftist dogma. Now, Obama and his minions whine that the Fed isn't going to bail them out. Tough. You supported Obama and his anti-private-job-growth agenda, now live with the results.<br/><br/>And by the way, we learned that Obama's touted 'shovel-ready' jobs didn't exist. Kind of like the WMDs in Iraq. So if Bush lied, then Obama lied, except in Bush's case re WMD, all major Democrats thought the same. In Obama's case, any knowledgeable person would have known there were virtually no shovel ready jobs. So, Obama lied, and the economy died. At least the Fed is not jumping in to make things worse for America.
There must be a mystery mentor cell watching this planning to channel his next victim.<br/>I do not think this increase of attacks to maim many are not isolated incidents. eg Murrah, Eurora, Newton, VA Tech, Columbine, Gabrial Giffords Maybe mind control drugs or some form of vudu or brain washing system. Or maybe even channeling mind control. It seams all these people were under some form of possession or spell of hypnotism. Weak minded easily influenced individuals already fused by resentment, bitterness, hate, fear, with an aim to justify by violence. Karl Marx made a social science out of this and converted two thirds of the World population. It took a hundred years for people to realize there is no conflict in polarities . They are in perfect harmony and cooperation  Einstein ended the theory and created the opposite chain reaction by splitting the atom. My biggest question is . What was Terrorism doing all the years of the cold war. The Berlin wall fell without a fight.<br/>I always felt the American way was we are here to show you a better way . As JFK amicably said " Don't ask what the World can do for your country ask only what your country can do for the World.<br/>I only wish we had been as prepared for 911 as the show of cooperation and unity so vigilantly and miraculously displayed in Boston. The power of  good is truly greater than the power of evil.
This proves if Jesus came again he would be crucified again. Judaism ended when Jesus walked out of the river and began again.<br/>
Ignorance is bliss. no wonder there no forgiveness in Israel. War is not an answer.<br/>
We are all the chosen people now.<br/>
The Messianic age is over. Agnostic means to believe Jesus did not come to die but to live.<br/>
Agnostic means the resurrection was Spiritual and not Physical.<br/>
But I agree only God is good and we should follow Him&gt;Her in our Hearts and no man Person or Place.
Money talks and bull walks .<br/>
In a debate specifics are essential, Mojo is also important. I always feel its similar to boxing. When your hit with a hard punch, you must immediately counter punch with fury and make your opponent feel his best shots have had no effect. This is a psychological tactic even though your hurting. Romney had him at the git go and knew Obama was out to lunch with his sweety and felt guilty . The salvation of our country was in the way of the anniversary dinner and sucked all the energy out of the room. Seek ye first the elimination of romper room boy and let all other things fall into place.<br/>
But I think Obama won because he did not let himself get out of control even though I felt he wanted to drop the anchors.<br/>
Romney showed his true colors a chameleon . I hope before the next debate Obama has a steak dinner and stops the veggie diet sweety has him on . Lots of coffee not decaff real caffeine coffee. 
Good conclusion .<br/>
The GOP are also only interested in one Job Obamas.<br/>
God save us all.
Torture was to force confessions to justify war.<br/>
Marx and Engles used dialectical materialis, tricked two thirds of the World population into consensual totalitarianism.<br/>
Cheney is sliding under the fence of converting the Legislative and the Courts under the Executive being the underlying destruction of The US.<br/>
It was treasonable to betray a soldier in the White House.Valary Plame.<br/>
There was no WMD and the Iraq war was planned long before the 911 ever occurred like day one of the Bush Admin.. Ten thousand Marines are dead and one hundred thousand are wounded. The Iraqi citizens 65,000 dead and a million wounded. Three million fled and will not be home soon. .<br/>
Its ironic Tony Blair's World Book Tour was banned in Ireland.The liar claimed he only entered the Iraq war after the 911 happened . The big elephant in the kitchen was who wrote the Downing st memos and who underpinned the fake info you all dished out to Sec Gen Colin Powell.<br/>
The Americans should stop this war monger unleashing a lying legacy of slf justification of slf pitty he could not make an enviormmental disaster that would crush the World in a clean up effort for a thousand years. ..<br/>
He should be tried for putting our boys and girls in harms way unnecessarily.
These tyrannical junta Dictators have fallen so low when you see Mubarak dragged in ,in a stretcher to face killing 300 of his people in Tahrir Square and Assad is looking on as Qaddafi is hiding among the girl guides dresses in the School Convent.<br/>
42 years of oppression and terror ends a Feudal Monarchic system and gives birth in democratising the Globe..<br/>
lately I am proud of America in Wisconsin activating peaceful demonstration in toppling totalitarians using our constitutional rights.<br/>
Yes we can demonstrate the will of the people in a dubious time when our truths are not so self evident. With out sacrifice our system does not work it was not designed to have rich people inherit a legacy to hand down to mad sons.<br/>
In god we trust.<br/>
The wealth increased.<br/>
The spirit betrayed.<br/>
The house divided.<br/>
What does it profit.<br/>
On that Day His Love shall Overwhelm.<br/>
please America bring my children home.
The lady of satirical eloquence in essence has evolved into a masterful critic.<br />Happiness is still the shadow of love.<br /><br />I think when Jesus walked out of the Jordon, John should have also followed. Our only hope is to know the Messianic age is over and all mankind are the chosen people. We all need a fresh start.<br />Thanks Maureen,What a job. great stuff. Nailed it.<br /><br />
Thanks Frank for saying it like it is. I wish I could write like that. This a fantaboulous article.Great Job i hope Obama and crew read this It is simple and presents a clear picture. Look if Obama took prisoners the result would be worse than the violent reaction we have now. The point is we now have something done. This is not about the American people it's about who's in charge. Loosing Teds seat to Brown woke up the Dems to vote HCR or lose an election . We got the consolation prize with no public option. We the people get the short end when they try and repeal in the name of state rights. This is about race and who is in charge and nothing else. look at the coincidence Greenspan and irregularity is the same time frame as Reagan.
This is all about action replay. JFK got tough and blew Vietnam . Obama must not fall into the same trap. Just keep them trapped in along the third inside rail exposing the Party of NO and getting plenty of gas milage on the dead Health Care issue. Ha Ha If we never got health Care would the Economy be reformed Ha ha. Maureen, you are getting to them. They are on the run,it's clear from the defencive response. The word on the street has great talking points. 
Maybe if we consider all is polarity and male and female he made them in His own image. Adam and Eve walked and talked with God in the cool of the evening. Evil only showed up after the fall. God said don't eat the fruit or you die. We did, and no one died. Consider no evil existed before the fall. The commandment must have been a guide to inherit perfect creativity. Not a choice. Eve did not choose to fall she was beguiled tricked by a serpert a devil an Arc Angel. A Male Spititual being that made the World with God. Adam fell to Eve breaking the commandment and falling into a self centered love relationship. The history is just repeating itself all over the world for all time. My analagy is trying to portray the story. It was not the apple on the tree it was the pare on the ground. God said he accepted Abels offering and regected Cain. This time someone died. Noah got drunk and blew his position of a new begining of only eight people. Abraham blew his position and fell asleep and forgot to cut the birds. Not killing his son redeemed him but slavery prevailed for four hundred years. Joseph was betrayed by all his brothers. Jacob stole a birthright and a blessing with the help of his Mother. Ishmael was thrown out in the dirt. Moses killed an Egyptian , smashed his ten commandments, and struck the rock twice forbiding him to enter the Promised Land. Prostitutes helped Joshua and caleb to enter the The Promised land. John the Bapist asked if jesus was the one or should we look for another.Jesus answered John is the least in the Kingdom of Heaven. Jesus was murdered and condemned for sedition not one single charge held against Him not even the blind kid. I thought the purpose of Christianity was to prepare for the Second Christ. I do no think we are ready. If we prepare as a thief in the night we might be introduced to Heavenly Father and Mother God. My point is Council of Women or anybody should be in Groups. It's time for Mother Chuech to realise a new ae has begun in the midts of great confusion . There is no chosen person, people ,culture, nation , Religion, or Church. All mankind are Gods Chosen people. We are all restored little Adams and Eves returning in love in this complete resurrection Two by Two. Spiritual eternity is a reality.   
It's plain to see nobody knows what is going on. Imagine if she was the VP of our Nation overreving on a Peter principle. "Can I call you Joe". Look it's time we the People compliment ourselves on the Presidential Choice. Mc Cain is exposed as a man choosing a mad woman to handle the VP position of this Nation. Dead fish go with the flow but fiecies always floats. The resounding words of Bill Clinton in the Denver Convention are slowly kicking in. You People are on the wrong side of History. More important to me right now is shovel ready job's and the 10% unemployment rate . Please spend the stimulus package. America needs action right now.
This is just a public defence daughter and all to deter a legal criminal investigative battle, that may result in prosecution. Bill was impeached for a spot on a blue dress. To change history and preserve a legacy is this the motive for all this fan fair. This guy wants to go down in history as the Lord Protector. We know he was President. He thinks he was president George knows he was the Dogs body. Torture is usually to get people to tell what they know. These techniques were used to extract false confessions from people to say Alquaeda was connected to teaching people to manufacture WMDlinking WMD to Saddam ie; Gen Sec Powell presentation in the UN to justify WMD. The Valery Plame eposide blew the whistle. These people had to justify War. There was no WMD and the war in iraq was planned long before 911 ever happened. The 911 Comission clearly states no connection with Alqaeda and Saddam. Remember how Bush 41 said the war in Kuwait was a just war and we were a kinder gentler Nation. Who said we cut and and run, who is cutting and running now. it's only ironic to see Cheney wants the memos released to say torture worked and Obama is second guessing not to release pictures of tortured people. The justification of violence is Marxist Dialectical Materialism. The entire Engles Marx philosophy is based on the justfication of violence. I pray for the new administration to follow a pathway of peace. We must consider eight Nations have nukes. Any man in this age has to be stark raving mad to solve problems with choice one torture viloence and war. The truth is this guy was the President and he will let every body go down with blood in their hands. The thing is two wrongs does not make a right. We thought all along Cheney was transfering the power of the Judicary to the power of the Executive. I think this was the main issue not waterboarding. It's like the transfer of debt transfered from Wall St Bankers to Main St Tax Payers. Then the wrong issue becomes Corp Bonus. Wag the dog. Red became Blue hopfully for the next forty years. Carvelle might have a point to his new book. 
12 million Emmigrant's. 12 Million Unemployed. 12 million don't have health Care. Is this a new game of bait and switch. We refinanced the Banks so who picked up the tab on the toxic asset's. Mr Krugman if the Dow Jones is nearly at a staedy 9 and the price of a barrel of oil is $50 for six months straight how come the Fed Rate is not kicking in. All of a sudden has imports and exports got an effect on our GDP. We can't understand that the subprime mortgages had such an effect on our world global and transnational economy. Even five million foreclosures does not add up to this great calamity. Five million at $150,000 a shot does not even add up to the first tarp payment and now they want us to anti up again. Are we there yet. Are we there yet. Are we there yet.<br />Beware of Greek's bearing Gift's. To big to fail. Remove this phrase from our political dictionary. THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS LUCK THE PREPARATORY WORK OF THE CLINTON'S AND TED KENNEDY COMBINED WITH THE OPPOTUNITY OF THE OBAMA PHENOMENON MUST BE WED. THE MARRIAGE MUST TAKE PLACE. Health said "I do" to Care. Illegal Wars cost as much. Tough Love hurt's. Now we know the nature of the beast, Katrina and Ab yu Graib were not the downfall. " To say thoes who are not with me are against me" was. This kind of leadership frightened off 187 National allie's and united our enemie's against us. To be an emigrant is torture. To be out of work is torture. To have no Health care is torture. Now we have given all the oven ready Cake's to the big wig's. Where's all the shovel ready job's. Let's get the led out. 
The first thing to do is teach everybody to regect a Party of no and don't vote for them for Forty years. Banish The GOP from representing people as a Party. I mean revoke their license. Red card no play in the next game. They have been driving drunk on the wrong side of the road for to long. They turned our bank's into Casinoe's The party of no has swown latley meaning Cheney especially to justify himself and not care for the American People. If I go down I will bring you all down with blood on everyones hand's. If you think you won an Election I will make shure you inherit a Global situation that guarantees faliure. Did That. The cards dished out to Obama were ripped from a stacked deck. If we cant have it nobody can. Reagan's wife came up with an empty slogan for people on drugs twenty years ago " Just say no to drug's". Now they laugh at us again with a new slogan for the Homeless. "Get a God Dam House.".<br />I cant take it any more when I read in The New York Times Yesderday. Israel had Nukes, war heads by the hundreds all along. I wondered why The Whole World watched the Mascure and slaughter of Gaza. No one could take them on. I hope obama has the gaul to shoot them down if they break Iran air space. We might have a Billion mad people with guns raging in the middle east. We were all led to believe Iran had one nearly. Maddof is the only guy in Jail for all this mess. Whats up. A half million a month out of work is torture. It used to be 12 million don't have health care now it's twelve million don't have job's. Does this mean we dont need health care. What happened to all the shovel ready projects. Let's get some of the led out. Obama should know the Obstructionists are creating as many distractions as possible to offset his plan . Go Obama, Go Obama. Go Obama. When opportunity meets preperation. That what a job is. There is no such thing as luck. Let's Roll. We are ready willing and able. 
So Condi was just conveying,transmitting,delivering,orders for the White House. Condi now is a conduit following orders in the wake of Colin Powell's resignation. Can she now freely convey to us why she stonewalled the 911 commisssion. One minite you have a flowing conduit and the next a backed up suer. Shame on us if we think black people don't know what torture is. This kind of torture was designed to extract a confession from people to confirm Alqueda was in iraq to justify a War planned from day one before 911 happened with no WMD. Now we have 4270 marines dead over 30,000 wounded , 650.000 Iraque civilians dead. 6 million displaced. and the middle east in a mess. This technique backfired on Pilate when he tortured Jesus, he hoped the people would feel sorry for him and guarantee his release with a pardon. Unfortunatly the mob ruled. Then he washed his hands to save his Position.  
What a fabulous article Mr Herbert. We must continue to remind ourselves to keep the ten yards down. The GOP should be forbidden to represent people for forty years on the grounds they might incriminate themselves. Churchill said in the WW2 "This is your finest hour". Obama inherited a mess and we need jobs yesderday. I for one felt during the Campaign The Party of NO were trying to make a World War Platform to facilitate The son of an Admiral fitting for a war hero. When the platform of terror did not work down went Lehman Bros, yet another ploy to stop the General Election. You must admit when you heard slogans like Bomb,Bomb,bomb Iran, Or We are all Georgians,Or I have posponed my Election Campaign. The biggest divide in America was not Sunday morning at eleven but how Bush and Mc Cain could not meet for fundraisers. My opinion is the GOP showed shame for their own Party from the Getmo. Abu Graib and Kathrina was bad but to say you never expected an attack on The Twin Towers was worse when we were hit in the same building by the same crowd in 1997. I was there. They tried to bomb the basement colums to bring the building down. I think Condi stonewalled lots of info regarding this point to cover up innaction. Three silver bullets could have changed lots of things when they surrounded Bin Laden in Afganistan. My math might be off but Five Million written off Foreclosed Homes at approx 150,000 Dollars a shot is no where near 3.2 Trillion. Or even TARP 7 bill or The Stimilus Package 8 bill. Are we just holding on to a standard of living to keep the Banks on the dole.    
macro or micro econonics, I'm lost "you had me at the fed rate is not funtioning and has no effect on the fluctuation of the elasticity of trade. The Hydron Cholider is up and running again at the end of May.They fixed the freeon Gas leak, more wiered science . We all know the effect of the chain reaction of splitting an attom. Or financing a War for no reason. I think to race atoms into each other at many times the speed of light to experiment what might happen is crazy. The big magnets are supposed to measure the carbon deposits or a new kind of diamond maybe. These guys are having a shot at finding out how God made the World or what is the answer to the theory of the big black hole. At the same time the 2012 metorite is moving past between the sun and the earth the pressure of these events could also be melting the ice and pushing us off our axis. I learned my economics from my mother she said inflation is when you spend beyond your means. I would rather this atomic experiment be carried out in outer space not fifteen miles inside our planet in Europe. Enough. 
Has the Downing St Memo anything to do with the death of Patrick Kelly. I saw an interview between Sir David Frost and Gordon Brown last week in London redredging the facts on the heels of the G20. They were planning to reinvestigate why The Brits were in the Iraq war in the first place. We must consider four investigations already took place including the famous Huntington Report to no avail. The Brits pulled their troops out this week and one hundred people died in Bagdad. Its true what this article is  saying, this baby is not going to bed. There was no WMD and the illegal War in Iraq was planned day one of the Bush Administration according to Bill Woodward's book, Wash Post editor. long before 911 ever happened. Im not looking at memos I'm looking at the shambles of the middle East,The Afgan and Pakistan debockle. Not to mention The Economic Meltdown. Lets face it it was a debt moved from Wall St to Main St Tax Payers with plenty of memos and blame to go around. Pelosi knew is the new defence so the Party of no conclude as usual two wrongs make a right. The great leadership quality of the Bush administration was to unite all our enemies against us. well you might say he did not make a world war ,or stop the general Election. Thank God for not privatizing Social Security. Cheney needs to know the two Gospels, John the Baptist was beheaded for accusing King Herod for sleeping with his brothers wife. simultaniously Jesus was forgiving Mary Magdelene for Adultry, same sin. They were of total opposite persuasions of thought. To me this symbolizes the two doctrines eye for eye and tooth for tooth is replaced by Obama's doctrine a win ,win solution of forgivness and love if you repent. But then again Jesus was crusified so in the end its up to the people of the peope by the people for the people. This time lets not do things right but lets "do the right thing". Imagine if Puncious Pilate had not washed his hands that day and took resposibility, we should not wash our hands of this and let history continue to repeat itself. This Pig is wearing purple eye shadow with FLU like symtoms with epidemic pandemic consequences. This is not an isolated incident it pertains to our Constitution. You cannot move forward with a leaky radiator hose in just a few miles you will have no engine. 
I thought Amendments could be amended by a Refurendum.<br />It's not like legal memos that look like they approve torture to cover your touch in the event of protest,<br />Your article is like the expose of the torture memos but where is the political will of the people. Our moral conscience does not have the steel girders to hold up and underpin the architectural social design. We have gone global with people whom are undisiplined with no regulation or moral conscience. The rules cant even rule Pirates. As long as morality is not entertained into the equasion of Democracy it wont work, This is why we need guns. Evil and God were not part of Karl marx system of Dialectical Materialism, his Social Science left out two major components.It fell because it did not make sense. 76 million people died in WWII, This tells me there is evil, Without the sacrificial endevour of sacrifical people Democracy will not work, Greed and imorality is devouring our great experiment. Obama might say we are not a Christian nation but without the moral development of the charactar of our hearts and spirits, This article will be written next year statistically in greater numbers to no avail. We failed Jesus he did not fail us we left God He never left us. Matt 5,48 You therefore can be perfect as your heavenly Father in Heaven is perfect. Let us strive to build a more Perfect Union.  
Why pick on the Irish. We only have three million citizens an one million Latvians and Polish working for nothing. A slave society with a false sense of economic confidence. You have 250 million people kicking out the Mexicans and you have the moxy to compare yourself to the Irish. I know what you are saying is your self justification our selfishness matches our greed. The great combination that led us down into the pit. Eve was in the Garden looking for a more mature love relationship and found a feel sorry for yourself selfish jelous Satan in the bushes. Adam had not yet discovered his stimulus package. We never even got our fourth of july yet from the British. While you revive your Tea Parties in disruption for the Party of NO. Reveal your sins of Torture but not what the banks did with the TARP MONEY. Double standard. I ALWAYS THOUGHT CONTINGENCY PLAN WAS AN ECONOMIC MANAGEMENT PLAN REFERING TO PLAN B. THE NEW NAME FOR THE WAR ON TERROR. And by the way "La go bragh" means "It's a beautiful day". Did you know Tached cottages are the in thing now and we dont have pigs in the kitchen. Think of it we survived worse than this we used to have eighteen million people before the potato Famine. Now 20% of the population of the US is Irish. That's like one fifth, yes forthy million. Dont fool yourself into thinking Obama got there by the Black vote. Hey Krughman go pick on someone your own size. Fell sorry for yourself someplace else.   
This article is just to get us off Tea bags and Torture.<br />one thing is for shure if this Administration is to move to the next meal. Let's clean off the table. This Emporor never had any clothes. 
Hey Bono .<br /> "It's a beautiful day".<br /> We must compliment The Bush regime that led us down into the pit for three things. 1 He did not start a World War. 2 He did not privatize Social Security. 3 He did not stop the General Election. I don't like Bush but I'm against the blame game. Christianity had a mission to prepare for Christ and no one was ready introducing Communism and three world wars. Now The Southern Bapist Christian right, Our Congress and Senate including the British Parlement and many nations voted for the War in Iraq. The blame game does not work. We must look at ourselves and participate in the process. My mantra is there was no weapons of mass destruction and the war in Iraq was planned from day one of the Bush administration long before 911 ever took place. I hope the world ignoring the Gaza mascure does not give the moxy to Natanyahu to bomb, bomb, bomb, Iran. Otherwise we could have an echological disaster that would take one thousand years to clean up.<br /><br />Thanks Bono, and your great group U2. You do the Irish proud we truly love you for all that you do. I read your Da was the guy who believed in you guy's and gave you the few quid to cut the first album. I would not argue with him we all owe him. He made you guys and believed in you all. Some day you will talk to me I'm a Dubliner thats been around and God has given me a message for you He told me He loves you and a time will come and you will know it's me it shall be revealed to you thoes three special words . "He is here".<br /><br />Kieran O'Neill. "Yea The O'Neill Clan". 
O Yea. Where is Universal Health care promised by<br />CLINTON,OBAMA,AND KENNEDY. Dashel is gone now whats up. The big 20 dump a trillion on the world sceen. 12 million have no Health Care in the US. The Clintons promised with no delivery in their tenure. Whats up. Wagnor got a 20 million golden parachute. Yea we were angry about the last eight years. The Pentagon did not reduce costs and eliminate expenses to justify a war. The biggest problem to balance the budget is being shoved in our faces as the reduction of Health Care expences. Nobody said anything in balancing a budget for the unjust war. We want Universal Health Care yea 12 million People. Dont start explaining us away all thoes in Europe have it. Smiles and phychology did not get this administration where they want to be. They promised health Care. Now it's being explained away. We haven't seen a first down. All we see is nuclear warheads flying over japan. Not to mention Iran shooting up a sputnic latley. After 911 why even take a chance. These guys could scramble our communications. 
Two commedians made a name for themselves and pumped up their ratings calling us out without laughing. This is the cost of doing business. Whats the big polemic. This is not a Katrina moment. This is a malox moment after eight years of Bush and failed policies. You cannot expect Obama to be called out on every toilet roll missing from the bathroom. I doubt he will say I screwed up on this one. If it's not Rent on a limo a lapsed tax payment or 2% Porky the Pig it is seen to be perfect obstructionism that ties up the boat at the dock as we rev full steam ahead making lots of white splashing water going nowhere. Ironically some of the Republicans are for paying the bonuses now.  The Republicans are so elated to have a new whipping boy Geithner to defame the ratings of a popular President. Look they got one in the basket. Even in basket ball people win on technical fouls. Whats the big polemic on miniscuel bonuses that can be retracted when the real problem is eighteen years of no regulation creates an AIG monster in forty seven foreign foreign countries with a budget four times bigger than Home Land Security. look don't sweat the small petti stuff it's just the cost of doing business in the age of corruption. What shall become of us if God forbid Michelle surges with a splurge to buy new dishes for the White House. The more things change the more they stay the same. One thing I would suggest is everybody is on Geitner and rightly so expressing how techy and smart he is but he lack's the art of salesmanship. Have you ever seen what happens to your sales when you let the mechanic talk to the customers. We need to sell the sizzle not the grizzle. I will be sad for America if the hard working successful people are punished for being successful.     
Hey Blow, a plough horse and a race horse both eat grass. The thing is the race horse makes more money. I can't shoot hoops like Mike Jordon or score goals like Becham. The American dream is we are not punished for being successful. if these guys got busted they must have been a bubble. The thing is this is OUR money and these are the very guys that sank the Titanic lieing cheating and stealing sticking it to us taking the most for the least. These guys did not earn this money we did and we lent it to them in hope. To big to fail is a treat we fell for. This culture of no regulation in the last eighteen years got so big and arrogant it bloated out Companies like AIG to be four times the size of The budget of Home land Security and fanged out it's tazor edge teeth and claws into forty six Countries around the globe. We must humble to the arrogance and quickly blame ourselves and pamper it's pride and feed them with big bonuses or else we are told the world would stop. I don't mind bailing out the boat but this is our boat. Obama gets it it's Global. Thanks for your candor allowing us to vent our anger but I don't think the word in your first paragraph should be "Gambled" it should be "SABOTAGE". I STILL THINK LEHMAN BROS WAS THE HOSTAGE THROWN OFF THE PLANE TO ENSURE SERIOUS DISCUSSION FOR TARP, SO AS THEY COULD FLY AWAY WITH THE AMERICAN PEOPLE'S TAX DOLLARS. When you mess with the system it bites you. Just like the smartallic school children moved the clock forward an hour to get out of school early. The next morning the were all late for school. The system is so broken that when they cry wolf we kill the shepard. Obama is not worried about rocking the boat but lets get this boat off the rocks. How can we go fullsteam ahead when the party of NO consistently tie up the boat at the dock. Last week Dashel went down for not payin rent on a limo now we have no health care Zaar. The week before we dealth with 2% Porkey the Pig. This is not a time to tax Taxes on money we invested to create credit. What will it be O God forbid if Michele splurges and buys new dishes for the white House. Yes we Can.    
Christopher Hitchens says that Religion Poisons Everything. Is he right? Well the recent killing of coptic Christians in Egypt prove that hate among so-called religious still there and we don't really know where this problem is supposed to end. The arab spring really brought democracy or it is just another Muslim crusade to eliminate the non-muslims? The Egyptian people managed themselves to kick Mubarak out by expecting to have a true democracy. Guess what? They dug their own funeral hole. There is no democracy in this world. "democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried." (Winston Churchill). Why? Because the Devil can influence people's votes and plunge them into killing themselves.
This is the primary reason that I stopped watching NBC and MSNBC!  They consistently make incendiary comments,  and many times they are not supported by even the flimsiest of facts.   I guess to some MSNBC is an alternative to FOX,  but it seems to most viewers that FOX is a paragon of virtue when compared to MSNBC.   It appears MSNBC with their screaming,  attacking,  and demeaning is more like RUSH,  and I can only take so much of him.   We need to pull together as a nation and with this kind of stuff continually on the airwaves it is going to be hard.
I was a Republican for 30 years and changed to Independent a couple of years ago because of Bush's endless wars.  I have always believed the Republican party cared about the middle class.  I was wrong!   The Ryan budget proves one thing.   They one care about corporations,  the rich,  and the elite in this country.   On morning Joe today I heard the comment that no amount of means testing could solve the Medicare issues.   This is a flat lie.   The upper middle class and the rich love their free health care and they want to keep it.   They do not want to pay more nor do they want their taxes increased to protect the poor or help the middle class never mind it was the middle class for the last 70 years that has indirectly paid more than their fair share.   The money that was to go into to medicare and social security was going into the general fund.  For the most part it was the people who made under $100,000 that was paying the lions share for Social Security.  So I think it is reasonable to argue the middle class has paid more than they were suppose to pay in taxes the last 60-70 years.   Medicare and Social Security can solve their problems easily through means testing.   Here is the formula:    First,   Means test Social Security.    Second,   All income over $108,000 is subject to an additional 4% Social Security tax.  This would be in addition to the means testing.  Third,  Medicare would be means tested.    Fourth,   those with incomes and savings that provide them more than $250,000 per year would pay full premium for medicare and their deductible would be $15,000 for part A and $7,500 for Part B.   Those with incomes in retirement of $100,000 to $250,000 would have a $10,000 ded for part A and a $5,000 for part B.   Those with incomes of $50,000 to $100,000 in retirement would have a $5,000 Part A and a $2,500 for part B.   Those with incomes of less than $50,000 in retirement would pay based on a graduating scale,  but only the poorest would enjoy the current situation of only $150 ded for part B.   I don't want to hear any garbage about Medicare and Social Security not working.  The problem is the upper middle class,  the rich,  and the elite want their taxes low and they want all their government goodies as well.   Currently,  all these talking heads on TV make millions of dollars and none of them want to pay additonal Social Security taxes or have their benefits means tested nor do their want to pay the full premium for Medicare and have a high ded for part A and B,  but that is exactly what needs to happen.   This is exactly the way it should have been set up to begin with.    It was a crime for Roosevelt to allow the rich to draw Social Security but not to pay for it on their entire earnings.   This talk of raising the age of retirement is a NON-STARTER..........Yes people are living longer,  but they are not necessarily healthier.   All we would do if we increase the age is force more people to file disability.   It is time we woke up and changed these policies to suit the situation.   Medicare part A and B for the rich should essentially be a major medical plan.    Medicare part A and B for those making 50-100 should have a sizable ded. and only for the retired poor should medicare be as it is currently today.   Any talk of a voucher system designed to keep future costs down to protect the rich, elite and those in the upper tax brackets is a non-starter.   Americans are waking up to the fact that most of our countries problems started with the tax reductions of 1980.   The great Presidency of Ronald Reagan has bankrupted this country!    We need to put our house in order,   but we are not going to do it by continuing Social Security checks for the rich.   Nor by allowing the rich to protect their full income from Social Security or the rich reaping the benefits of Medicare and not paying the full premium.   THE TIME HAS ARRIVED AND THE WEALTHY HAS TO START PAYING FOR THEIR PERKS!!!!!!!!!!!!  
What I am going to say is going to sound harsh,  but I believe it is the only hope we have to deal with this third world terrorism.   We survived and thrived during the cold war because of a simple concept of mutually assured destruction.   Both sides understood that if either side launched their nuclear armaments it would mean both countries and probably the world would be destroyed.   Currently,   we have dozens of small countries that are allowing terrorist inside their borders because they believe and support the very things those terrorists are fighting for.   At the same time these countries are giving us lip service,  excepting our money,  minimal help and support.   They aren't really in an all out war to root out these terrorists.   It simply is not in their interest to do so.  Imagine this scenario.   There are 1,000 Americans traveling the globe butchering arabs,  blowing up middle easter property and generally committing carnage and mayhem.   Do  you think such a thing could happen anywhere in the world?   No it could not because no one in the world is going to financially support,  sympathize with,  or shelter any American engaged in terrorism.   These terrorists have dozens of countries and millions of people who will either help them or turn a blind eye to their behavior.   Even in European countries they are allow to stand on the street corner and preach their hate without impunity.   So what is the answer.    Anything less than a strategy similar to the cold war strategy will not work.   We have to treat countries and communities that harbor and help these people as our enemies and take them down.   We have to announce to the world that if a nuclear, biological,  or chemical weapon is detonated in our country we will find out the nationality of the people ultimately behind the disaster and that country will pay.   That means countries like Saudi Arabia will have to stop allowing their schools,  and religious institutions to preach and teach hate.   Countries like Iran,  Pakistan,  Syria etc. will be told the first time we are attacked if their people are involved they will be attacked.  No more giving them money which they turn around and give to the terrorists.   TIME TO GET TUFF!   Better we do it now before the disaster occurs.   The American people will not stand for it when it comes so you have better start making the necessary changes NOW!  
The Democrats mishandled Health Reform!    They determined to impose a nationwide system of health care regardless of how angry it made the American people.   They did this without Republican support and only about 35% of the American people in agreement.   The first time in 60 years that a program, of this significance, was foisted on the country without the other party being involved and without the support of the people.  Democrats came to the conclusion they had a veto proof Senate and regardless of the horrible economy were going to push the bill through.   They succeeded in imposing their will,  but now comes the payback for this ill conceived plan.  I do not believe,  in the final analysis,  the American courts are prepared to pass on this bill, considering the above facts.   It is going to come down to one Supreme Court Judge!   I just can't see the court allowing a small minority to determine 1/6 of the economy, when it involves such a contentious issue.   The best thing the Democrats could do is sit down at the table with Republicans and rework the entire thing before this reaches the Supremes.   I don't think the Democrats want to have the 2012 election shortly after a negative ruling of Health Care. 
Two weeks ago on another site I predicted Keith Olbermann would get fired in 2011!  I am alittle surprised it happened so quickly.   However, this guy was revolving around some galaxy many light years from this one.   This simple fact is this guy was killing NBC and for that matter all of network news.   Multiplied millions have stopped watching all programming on the big three because ABC, NBC, CBS have become megaphones for the left.   This guy and all the network new divisions are dragging down their networks regular programming.   People are infuriated with the slanted and steady diet of distorted news they are getting to the point FOX has become the only source of news for half the country.   It is way past time for the major news outlets to clean house.   The news divisions should for the most part reflect the market.   People are paying good money for CNN, and MSNBC,  Fox,  and they have a right to expect some semblance of fairness.   ABC has illustrated how far off the deep end they have fallen with their acquisition for their Sunday morning line up.   They had a powerful middle-of-the road newsman in Jake Tapper and they chose to go outside and get another reporter off the deep end.   People are just totally fed up with this foolishness and are canceling newspaper subscriptions,  and turning off CNN and the big three.   I predict CHANGES ARE COMING!   
I have never read an article more foolish or one I disagree with more than this silly article.  To suggest the country went to the polls, not even ten days ago, and in one of the most historic elections, threw out 64 Democrats from the house and then to suggest the people didn't really want to do this is, at the least, hair brained!  This kind of thinking is going to hurt the Democrats in the next election.   It seems to go along with the other nonsense we hear coming from Democrats like;  the electorate is stupid,  uneducated,  care only about their guns and bibles,  didn't understand what we were doing.   The American people know exactly what is going on in this country and they didn't approve of most of it.   If the Democrats continue to lie to themselves they are going to face an even worse disaster in the next election.   The American people hate pelosi and reed,  they want smaller government,  they want a balanced budget,  taxes kept to a minimum,  congress to work together and compromise on solving the social security and medicare issues.  Most of all they want congress to revisit health care and craft a truly bi-partisan bill.   If two years pass and non of these things get worked on there will be more Democrats and maybe Republicans shown the exit. 
Nancy Pelosi may have done a great job!   And she may be remembered as a powerful and successful Speaker!  However,   she seems to be in a state of total delusion.   This is the only the second time in my life that the Democrats have allowed themselves to become totally deluded.   Jimmy Carter was in a state of delusion and from his recent comments he still is.  Now we have Barach Obama who seems to be a carbon copy of Carter.  He is operating in a state of delusion.   He constantly attacks his own Democrats and Republicans when the American people want him to LEAD!!!   That means stop attacking and take responsiblity and work to make things better.   Are you capable of making things better?  I am beginning to wonder.
Too little to late!    He always has to increase taxes or take away tax breaks from someone in order to fund one of his pet projects.   He Never Cuts Anything!   That is why we are in desperate shape in this country.
It needs fixed Now!
I am conservative and not opposed to playing politics  but in this case we need to fix the problem and not the blame.   After the problem is fixed and cleaned up we can point fingers.   Personally,   I would like the President to give this the kind of seriousness he would give a Chernobyl like accident!!!!!  I wish he would call a meeting Tuesday morning at the White house and bring the brightest minds from the four corners of the globe to bear on this issue.   Tell the Navy beginning today the spill is their problem!!  Working with BP they are to stop the leak ASAP and clean the mess up and this is a NUMBER ONE NATIONAL AGENDA!    NOTHING LESS WILL DO.    We can't sit  back for the next 3-4 four months and watch BP play the American people like they are doing.    This disaster has to be handled and it has to be handled NOW nomatter what the cost!
People are sick of the one sided news reporting and you get a load of it on CNN!   They just don't want to change.   Most of the networks losing money won't move away from the liberal model even tho people are sick of it and even tho it is costing them money.   So they can send their message out into the ethos with no one watching.
I use to watch CNN much more than I do now.   I rarely watch any news programs and when I do I watch FOX.  I am weary with the one sided reporting and I think the majority of Americans feel the same way.   I really do not like one sided reporting.   I am sickened by what I see on MSNBC.   CNN needs to be totally down the middle and it needs to be much more combative.   Democracy is a combat sport!   Democracy is a war with bloodshed.   CNN seems to think they can pretend to be middle of the road but they are anything but middle of the road.   Middle of the road means you have guests arguing all sides of an issue and the monitors aren't all liberal in their politics.   CNN needs to get with the program.   If they continue the way they are they will cease to be a force in American news. 
For the first time in a long, long time I actually felt good about the two rulings that came out today by the Supreme Court.   I actually thought they finally "got it".    It isn't about some dead document or some political agenda it is about "us".     What is best for "our" country.    Finally,   somebody has started doing something that was good for our country.     
The last thing this country needs is another lying Senator!   Please with the problems our country faces we do not need lied to we need politicians who have the guts to speak the truth.   This fellow has a basic character flaw and that is another thing we don't need another Senator with major character flaws.   When are we going to wake up in this country!
As a conservative republican I would like to see a moderate appointed to the supreme court.   I am not naive enough to think that is going to happen.   Considering the choices Obama put forward to pick from I think this Kagan woman is as good as any.   I think it is a mistake to make a big fight over this pick.   We need to stay focused on the election.   Attacking this woman would only seem narrow and unwarranted by the American people.   Right now Republicans are in a position to gain seats in the fall an attack on Elena Kagan could not help our position in the fall.   In fact,   I think it is not in the best interests of either party to fight over the supreme court pick this summer.   People are in a angry state of mind and there is no way to know exactly how the American people would react to attacks regarding a Supreme court pick.   My advice let her go onto the court without any fanfare.   
If your logic is correct would you apply it to John F. Kennedy or how about Robert Kennedy.   How about applying your distorted logic to Martin Luther King Jr.   Maybe you have heard the axiom that goes,  "that which proves to much proves nothing."   Such is the case with your proofs regarding moral behavior and particular members of society.   People act out for a lot of reasons and many of those reasons have little to do with morals.   Sometimes they are a reflection of the tremendous amounts of stress certain people put themselves under.   Then again some of us just compartmentalize our lives.   Whatever I am growing very tired of the media types drawing to much from a 32 year old billionaire acting out in mid-life.    He is not a politician!    Please get out of his life and just leave him alone and give the rest of us a little rest. 
This is not the USSR despite what the Democrats think!   Come November we intend to show them what we think.   They are going to pay and pay dearly for betraying the American people 
As a lifetime Republican I am going to be very very disappointed if my fellow Republicans don't get totally behind these reforms.   This is the kind of bill I think has been needed for a very long time.   Republicans should oppose the President when he is wrong  but when he is right they should get on board.   In the case of this education bill he is absolutely right.   REPUBLICANS SHOULD FAST TRACK THIS BILL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am an Independent.   I voted for Barach Obama!    However,   I do not approve of highhanded tactics to overrule the American people.   I think if the Democrats do this it will be a catastrophe for Democrats on par with what watergate was for Republicans.
This is the first article I have read about Health care that I have agreed with.   I think first if they want this thing to pass they will have to change the name and call it something other than Health Care legislation.  In addition,   your ideas to keep costs down are super but I don't think the Democrats will ever buy into it.  You know if the Democrats hadn't gone into this thing with the attitude of take it or leave it and we are goin get all we can get and included Republicans from the beginning and especially if Obama had had the guts to take on the Lawyers from the beginning we would have a bill right now.   Here we are a year later and his presidency is on the line and he still won't take on the lawyers.   It is too bad but bi-partisanship always seems to be directed at the Republicans by the media,   but I see little or none of it from Democrats.   Our whole country is in sad shape because we need to get away from political parties and start getting pragmatic before it is too late.  However,  having said that I am furious that the Democrats have wasted two years messing with this at a time when we need some many other things done.
Like most Americans I am just worn out with this foolishness!   I don't understand how we have a president who goes on national television asking for bipartisanship the very day he releases a bill that epitomizes that very thing.     He knows how sick the country is of this issue!   He knows we are practically bankrupt!   He knows that the majority of Americans are against this bill!   And yet he persists!   I just don't understand when he only has six months to get legislation passed before the election to try and get his party out of the deep hole they have dug for themselves and he goes back and starts again on what appears a losing issue.   I do sympathize with the President he came so close,   but you just can't do things of this magnitude without the support of the American people.   I don't see these skittish congressman passing something like this.   I can't imagine how damaging it will be to the Democrats if they were to spend the next 6 months arguing over this bill.   I am 60 years old and this is the first time I have ever seen a political party risk so much so close to an election.,
The Democrats really have no one to blame for this but themselves.   Bayh has been pretty well and he had a better than average chance of winning.   The moderates in the Senate are sick and tired of this extreme liberalism and the chronic bickering it is causing in our country.   The simple fact is the people do not support Obama and the liberal Democrats and their agenda.   It appears against the will of the people they are going to try and use reconciliation to ram it down our throat which result in nothing short of an all out war.    Democrats are going to continue losing some of their best if they persist in this hopeless and hapless path they have chosen.
I am reluctant to give Haiti any money until they turn those baptists loose!    We are spending billions helping them and they lock up 10 people trying to help them.   I don't believe for a minute those 10 people were trying to market those children.    
I am reluctant to give Haiti any money until they turn those baptists loose!    We are spending billions helping them and they lock up 10 people trying to help them.   I don't believe for a minute those 10 people were trying to market those children.    
Obama is not up for election so why should he compromise!   After all he is not the one who is going to have to go home at the end of this year.   His career will not end at the end of 2010.   You can bet the speech he gave tuesday night would have been substantially different if he was up for reelection.   That is why he is a total hippocrite!   Frankly,   he intends to push his bogus socialist agenda as long as he can.   So we can expect, one degree or another,  the same issues that have infuriated the American people will be shoved down our throats between now and the fall.   Of course,   you can be certain the speech he gives next January will be quite contrite.   It won't do him any good.   The American people see him for what he is;  a arrogant,  self-involved,  promoter who doesn't understand the people of this country or really care about them.   Expect his party to fall and afterward the demise of the great one.    
I must say how surprised  I am by the negativity toward Ms Gilbert and Eat Pray Love. She's a writer who went on a very interesting journey paid for by a publisher and then wrote about it,  How pathetic the nasty envy for a balanced, happy extremely generous, honest human being. Such petty thinking.  Isn't a wealthy, independent woman allowed to have her story and write about it. Lighten up people. And those who never read it, do not judge the book by the movie. 
Elizabeth Gilbert is a joy to read, listen to and think about. Her understanding and openess about  the mystery of life give such comfort. . As John Keats wrote, "a thing of beauty is a joy forever," and Elizabeth has created that in herself and her work.  Humans will be reading her encouragement of existence always. I thank her very much for sharing herself so. Her words and being help me.
Consciousness exists in many dimensions.  
The Mayor needs to slip into a Twilight Zone episode where he is poor and a minority and is constantly stopped and frisked wherever he goes. Then he may have empathy for the horror of this policy. 
Stop and frisk is  a very dangerous risk to basic American laws of this land. Dangerous neighborhoods need more surveillance, but the stop and frisk policy goes against America's civil law principle, and we must guard against abuse of any kind by not allowing it. In airports they announce what we are subject to, so we know what to expect, but in front of people's residences, walking in the neighboorhood, no. We must protect our rights no matter what the nighborhood. The police just must walk the beat and hope they see a crime in progress, or very, very suspicious activity. Stopping and talking, yes, stopping and frisking an invasion of privacy.
Marvelous column, Maureen.  Recently I watched the movie, The Shoes of the Fisherman from 1968, and remembered how when the Russian Pope puts  up all the Church's wealth to save the Chinese people from starvation and avoid a world war. If only the Catholic chruch truly lived by the true teaching of Jesus, to love thy neighbor as thyself, to live simply.  The Catholic Church will have to change as the world is changing, communicating, discovering the truth of one humanity all trying to survive on this planet.
Yes, leaps of faith can take us to the most rewarding places. Luckily for Don Quixote, he just found himself in the meadows. Too many have to actaully fight the serpents and lizards in the the black bog in order to get through to the beauty. Like sane people have to fight through the Republican leadership of the house.
Thank you for writing about Mr. Meyers.  The love surrounding him, his love of life and his acceptance of losing such precious mementos with grace. I agree with him so on one needs a bed, clean underwear and a shower to be able to face life everyday with enthusiasm. I especially love the three glasses of wine a day.
Dear Dick,<br/><br/>Among all the horror and sadness in the world today, your essay is truly a pleasure to read. I'm so glad you made it aboard and shared with us your harrowing experience. You are a treasure Mr. Cavett. You did deserve an audience for your leap, and the ship should never have left without you
I still am baffled by the number of votes Romney won. How could ignorance be so close in a race against truth and  intelligent scientific facts of life? We, the winners of further enlightenment, must continue to fight for truth. We must help those who are born into ignorance have access to education to learn facts that support humans continuing on this exquisite planet.  In scientific earth time, humans have only been here for two seconds on a trwenty-four hour clock. I sure hope we make it to at least five seconds before we wipe ourselves out. There is hope.
Thank you for writing about this. I spoke of Rubio's statement at Thanksgiving dinner. We must never let up on ignorance trying to be truth. Science is what is by repeated experiment and study. Religion are stories by men that may be inspired by God, but they're not truth, just faith. Scientific proof must always be taught in schools.
Ego, ego, ego and boredom, boredom, boredom, even for Generals, and heads of  the CIA, and some past presidents.  Yes, sex and envy make people stupid, but.... the aforementioned is really what it is about. 
The House Republicans will be watched very carefully. Balking at helping fix the problems of the country rationally, will send them further and further into the fanatical fringe. Then, hopefully, the country will give the Democrats the ability to fix with logic and sacrifice of all understood, win both houses and make the country strong and fiscally responsible once again.. 
Good writing, but the ridiculous description of the President is really pathetic.  He's energized by the truth and that many, such as, Powell, Christie and Bloomberg realize the future of America in reality is no phantom theory anymore. We have no control over the weather and we better take the climate seriously, as well as human and women's rights. We need a brilliant, rational, compassionate President, and they acknowledged it finally.  I believe the President is going to win, and it will be so wonderful to have Romney disappear back into his hypocritical, stand for nothing, life.
Those are commendable pro-life causes that Mayor Bloomberg has instigated, but what about stop and frisk, and allowing male police officers to frisk females. An innocent woman being frisked against her will by men because she is a minority is a form of molestation so horrific,.. well, it is right up there with the thinking of Akin, Mourdock, and Walsh. Mayor Bloomberg is not giving those women a right to choose.
Sorry, Maureen, but I think you have done your sister Peggy a real disservice by telling us how backward and, yes, stupid she is to think about voting for a known liar like Romney that stands for nothing, and a vice presidential candidate that thinks a just fertalized egg is a human being.  It would be hard for me to have any respect for a sister like that. 
Your column is the most perfect explanation of the Romney/Ryan platform. Extreme lies to go along with their extreme idiology. Two very scary men who will say anything to gain power. It terrorizes me that  there are so many who believe them. Thank you.
Oh, Maureen, how can you bear the thought of a Romney/Ryan win?  They want to control women's bodies like the Taliban. The thought that there are so many people willing to give up the freedoms that women and minorities around the world have fought for by voting for these two close minded men scares me more than Bush Cheney and look at the hell they' put us through. President Obama is a brilliant, honest, decent, caring man who has devoted his life to public service and the other two are self serving white men that don't deserve the office they seek. I will be heartsick and despondent if R&amp;R win, and I'll volunteer the next day at Planned Parenthood.  Maybe I'll do that anyway, because President Obama must win.
I was very disappointed in President Obama's lack of attack at all of Mitt Romney's lies. However, Mitt Romney lied throughout, just his delivery was good. I'm hoping that conservatives will be so shocked at last night's performance by fake Democrat Mitt Romney, they won't vote for him now
Fat bullying has been going on and on and on. However, as much as I realize that there is an obesity epidemic, the constant discussion of the negativity of being overweight will give people an excuse to bully. I don't believe anyone chooses to be fat. Study after study show that overweight bodies crave food the way an alcoholic's body craves liquor. Yes, some people are much stronger than others and can fight the urge to eat successfully. Food addiction is the most prevalent addiction that shows on the human body. We must be very careful how we stigmatize overweight children, or life will become even more unbearable from the cruelty. 
I think, Maureen, you hope Romney does win, so you'll have more to write about that makes sense when you castigate a President. President Obama's speech did not in any way blame the people. He was saying that the problems were so enormous, and the Republicans so bent on his destruction that it is taking longer to solve them, and he needs four more years to make sure we stay on the right course to make this happen. Romney and Ryan will set the country back to the fifties in ignorance and lack of tolerance.  I understand your need for controversy, but I don't believe you believe what you're writing. 
No, President Obama is protecting a woman's right  to protect and govern her own body.  I'm positive the President wants it to be safe, legal and RARE, just like anyone else with common sense. But, it must remain the woman's decision.
I'm so glad, Maureen, that you are stating the scary truth about Romney and Ryan. Comparing Mitt to President Obama is truly as bizarre to me as the question, 'Did you bring your lunch or did you walk to work.' No sense at all. President Obama is running for America, not just his base. He wants to protect us from the right wing terrorizing zealots of the Republican party, and I do think that men who want to control women's bodies the way Ryan really does is on the road to Taliban thinking.  And Romney choosing such a man is on the same level as McCain picking Palin, pathetic. Anything to win, but a good excuse if they lose.<br/><br/>The President has kept America going.... no we are not out of the woods, but he said over and over when he was running in 2008 that it was a long road ahead for recovery and he has kept us on the right track.  <br/><br/>.
Venus and Serena are very nearly perfect in their tennis, manners, truth and fineness.  Their parents raised two normal yet brilliant women.  I agree they should never go back to Indian Wells. Thank you, Venus and Serena for giving us so much pleasure and excitement.  
Romney, Ryan, Cheney, W represent the white male and many a white female that are terrorized of losing control in this country. They are not willing to accept the changes of a country and world, and especially the climate.  It staggers me that after all the history of this planet, the obvious truths of science and evolution we allow ignorance to rule so many humans just born into it... and through constant communication, the ability for ignorance to be accepted in the media as truth.  Two men are running for office that have no empathy for the struggle of life for so many. They only want the status quo of the few having it all, the wealth and the power. I have to believe that intelligence, belief in the truth as proven by repeated situations through time will get us through the ignorance and selfishness of the now republican party.  A true and rational essay, Maureen. 
Sounds like it's time to put this weiner between 2 buns and call it a day.
Destruction and chaos is a wonderful way to remember Trayvon Martin.  These people are so ridiculous that they would ruin the memory of a young man killed.   You are not honoring his memory by hurting others.  I blame all this on the media.  They started all of this months and months ago, it didn't have to go this far.  Stupid.
I'll bet his wife is so emotionally beat down by this egomanic that she can't leave him.  
I think we have already seen enough of this clown.  Are you kidding me?  
That is ridiculous.
The cops that work in schools are not retired.  They are active duty officers assigned to schools.  
I think that is what we have to do.  This and banning assault rifles should work, but if there is really a crazy person intent of doing something horrific...he will.  
I have experienced severe childhood truama.  In my thirties I decided to go see a therapist for my depression, "morbid depression" I was labeled.   We went through the trauma and I came out fine.  I am now in 53 been happy for years, and think people do not work hard enough to get themselves "right".  We rely on medicating people instead of helping them do the work.  I am no therapist but do know what can work.  How can someone be on antidepressant medication for years and years?  I'm not talking about bipolar or psychotic disorder.
It seems to me that more and more people everyday are suffering from "Narcissistic personality disorder ".  I don't remember so many people thinking they were so self important.  Just look at our Sports figures and Government Officicals.  People used to be humble.  What the heck happened?  Does society make people "catch" narcissistic personality disorder?  Have parents done something to their children?  We all know people who have this disorder.  We usually call them jerks, but are they sick?
Well it's about time.  Thanks for dragging your feet Mr. Bernanke.  Interesting this happens just prior to the presidential election...
Hmm, sounds like Mr. Obama thinks he thought this up all on his own.  Didn't this plan get implemented under the Bush administration?  What exactly has Mr. Obama done for any of us?  How many of us have either been or are unemployed with the promise creating more jobs?  How many of us have lost our homes because Mr. Obama thought it more important to partner with China regarding STREETLIGHTS of all things, then to come up with a plan to really help Americans who have worked hard save their homes from foreclosure?  Get this do nothing President out of office!
Hmm, sounds like Mr. Obama thinks he thought this up all on his own.  Didn't this plan get implemented under the Bush administration?  What exactly has Mr. Obama done for any of us?  How many of us have either been or are unemployed with the promise creating more jobs?  How many of us have lost our homes because Mr. Obama thought it more important to partner with China regarding STREETLIGHTS of all things, then to come up with a plan to really help Americans who have worked hard save their homes from foreclosure?  Get this do nothing President out of office!
Get Obama out of office and you will see the unemployment rate dramatically drop.  Businesses are afraid to hire with Obama in office. I know I am.  He claims to have saved the auto industry...then wouldn't there be a ripple effect to the economy?  The unemployment has not been under 8 percent in 41 months, how long does it take Obama to turn things around?
Blame it on Obama.  His stupid "bail out" didn't help anyone.  I suspect the Banks think they dupped him and are hopeful he'll do it again before his term is up.  I think it's time we stop leaving everything up to Government and get more involved.  This is ridiculous and I for one am sick of it.
Obama probably didn't even know what was going on...he strikes me as that type of President.  He can't answer the questions because he is oblivious to what went on.  Obama needs to pay attention.  The Border Patrol officers shouldn't have to sacrifice their lives because of our President is too busy going to Sarah Parker's house instead of knowing what is going on under his Presidency.  Get him out of the White House!
You, my friend, have just figured out how Jeffrey Picower made his billions. 
The key to getting the coating to adhere is to simply dredge the seasoned cutlets in a little flour, then dip in egg and finish tossing them in either bread crumbs, panko or for a really nice, crisp crust matzoh meal. Also remember to use about a half inch of oil and shallow fry in a hot cast iron Lodge skillet.<br/>Olive oil is fine for Milanese but a bit pricey and unnecessary for most cutlets. I do schnitzel in Canola or peanut oil, both of which can withstand the heat and results are perfect. 
The DOJ needs now to focus its attention on Frank Avellino and Michael Bienes. These are the two accountants who were in on the Ponzi from its inception and were the original feeders who grew fabulously wealthy off their skim. They were shut down by the SEC who foolishly called off an investigation back in '93 which allowed a fraud with 400Million in assets to balloon to well over 17 Billion. These two miscreants continued to profit from the scheme for years afterward however by demanding "schtupp money" ( see trustee's report) from Madoff as tribute. The trustee is suing them for 900 Million but they are clearly insiders on this fraud who are directly responsible for ruining thousands of lives. They should be fully disgorged and criminally prosecuted.
The DOJ needs now to focus its attention on Frank Avellino and Michael Bienes. These are the two accountants who were in on the Ponzi from its inception and were the original feeders who grew fabulously wealthy off their skim. They were shut down by the SEC who foolishly called off an investigation back in '93 which allowed a fraud with 400Million in assets to balloon to well over 17 Billion. These two miscreants continued to profit from the scheme for years afterward however by demanding "schtupp money" ( see trustee's report) from Madoff as tribute. The trustee is suing them for 900 Million but they are clearly insiders on this fraud who are directly responsible for ruining thousands of lives. They should be fully disgorged and criminally prosecuted. 
Psilakis restos are great, when Psilakis is there. Sadly, that is about as common as an Elvis sighting.
Admissions at an uber competitive university such as Cal should be simplified and broken down into 2 steps:<br/>1. Weed out all but the very top based on GPA and standardized test scores<br/>2. Then "build your class" based on whatever diversity criteria  you wish to use (leadership, hardship, affirmative action flags etc)
The elder Tsarnaev and his brother were welcomed with open arms into a liberal community. They were provided  housing accommodation, scholarship money, even welfare. Those who knew the elder brother well observed he had become "religious". Joining a Jihadi movement and recruiting his brother and massacring non-believers was part of that process irregardless of how well they had treated him. 
Don't kid yourself. There are no "gems" in the New York City public school system.
Unlike the myriad of trendy "must try" restaurants I've been to this year (mostly very expensive Brooklyn dives with inadequate seating and service)  Manzanilla is actually a professionally run restaurant where you are seated and treated like a human being. The price points are reasonable and the executions superb. Anyone who has travelled extensively can tell you that there is no better dining than that to be found in Spain. However, for reasons unbeknown to me Manhattan modern Spaniards have generally missed the mark. With Manzanilla on the scene, New York can finally boast a first rate, modern Spanish restaurant. 
Bill's is a beautiful old time bar with great ambience and bad food. Kinda like Clarkes!
Any small business owner will tell you that this will now give worker "sunny days off". Trust me, if New York City's small business labor force is now entitled to 5 more days off with pay, they are going to take them, whether they are sick or not.
When  Mr Ahn states They have suffered the biggest pain created by the war" his ignorance nearly disqualifies him. 
I enjoyed this blog. It gave the Grammy Awards and its recipients and performers the respect they deserve.<br/>
None.
What astounds me is how GOOD they are. W is like some brilliant outsider artist, effortlessly incorporating elements of photorealism and dark surrealism. Lucian Freud, David Hockney, Pop Surrealists and PhotoRealists have nothing on him.
In an era of malignant narcissism. declaring yourself "gluten sensitive" is just another way of showing how "special" you are.<br/>
It is no wonder a bunch of quacks and nouveau junk food peddlers are  looking to cash in. 
As a lifelong New Yorker, 3d generation, I never thought I would say this but....it just isn't worth staying here. Why should a family spend upwards of $20,000/month simply to replicated a basic middle class lifestyle in a city which has now become a sea of luxury condos, chain pharmacies and ATM machines. There are better, far more interesting places to live.
Not a creep at all. A creep, irregardless of his appearance, lacks charm and a sense of humour.<br/>
This guy just needs a Dermatologist. I should know I am a dermatologist and seborrheic dermatitis is, although incurable, one of the most treatable and common conditions I see.
People are devastated. They have lost their primary residences and livelihood. For the NYTimes to sit back and trigger another round of  class warfare is beneath contempt. The people of Breezy Point and SeaGate are being revictimized. 
While all others who could, fled, the residents of communities like Sea Gate and Breezy point stayed and created something beautiful there. The fact that they live in secure neighborhoods should in no way deny them the benefits any taxpayer would expect in a time of devastation. The middle class denizens of these neighborhoods have made enormous contributions both locally and generally to this city. Let's not forget them now in time of need.
Here's an egregious loophole neither side has tackled: the carried interest loophole which allows private equity and hedge fund managers to pay cap gains rates on their income. It is absolutely egregious that these vultures, many of whom rake in hundreds of millions yearly, avoid taxes this way. Yes, it can simply be eliminated: if you have no basis in an investment then you are not entitled to claim it as interest income!
OK, so now that Wells has taken the obvious cheap shot how bout he lash out at some of the real emperors without clothes in this town? Next stop Batali!
Wait a minute. I've lived down in new orleans and I can tell ya this marathon in no way compares. Carnival time in New Orleans is part of the cultural fabric of the place. One must celebrate even if you have to second line in tears.<br/>
The NYC marathon on the other hand, is a parade of 47,000 joggers, mostly tourists. It is a narcissistic self-congratualtory orgy we can well do without. 
Wait a minute. I used to live in new orleans and i can tell ya this here marathon in no way, shape or form compares. carnival time in new orleans is part of the cultural fabric of the place and its celebration is absolutely essential, even if one must second line in tears.<br/>
the marathon is more of a  intrusion in which 47000 narcissistic joggers, mostly tourists, engage in an orgy of corporate fueled self congratulation. 
New Yorkers are suffering without basic amenities. Many have lost their homes, livelihoods and some, their loved ones.<br/>
To be further inconvenienced by thousands of narcissistic joggers right now is abhorrent. 
The best way is to look carefully for GAPS in employment history. Any unexplained gap should be carefully considered and could point to a history of mental illness.
Call the White House and Congress and demand we boycott tea. The patriots were right. It's packed with caffeine and carcinogens known to cause cancer in California and elsewhere. So let's ban tea, and declare it's only coffee from now on out. Fantastic "golden coffee" from El Salvador:<br/>
 <a href="http://www.u-s-history.com/pages/h1248.html" title="http://www.u-s-history.com/pages/h1248.html" target="_blank">http://www.u-s-history.com/pages/h1248.html</a> 
I really don't have a dog in this fight (because I am a male), but what pray tell is wrong with bras and breasts. I like about a 44 or 46 D myself, although I have known to be attracted to one or two 42's. There is another reason they are there, you know.
The trouble with teaching U.S. children in their native languages is that computer programs are written primarily in English. So if these kids are going to compete in tomorrow's society, shouldn't they be taught English. It is a very easy and flexible language, I think.
It strikes me that time is on the side of the tyrants, if you look at post-war history. Look at the time Yugoslavia's warlords spent being chased before hauled off to the Hague. I do not think human rights prosecutions have anything to do with producing more just societies. Looks to me as if battlefield victories produced quicker and certainly more efficient results. Viz: Germany today, which is a far more just society than it was after World War I. 
xxxxYou think of what these people can eat on a given day: pain au chocolat for breakfast, soupe a loignon gratinee topped by melted gruyere for lunch and foie gras for dinner, as a starter.xxx<br/>
I look around the United States and see people eating a chocolate-covered donut for breakfast, onion soup for lunch, and meatloaf for dinner. So what's the difference, except the French names. The major difference between the U.S. and European diet is they eat less and drink more than we do. Which is why diet soft drinks are so prevalent here, whereas in Europe you are considered to have medical issues if you drink diet drinks.
I don't see this as a government power issue. The issue is helping out those in trouble. You can do that without making any power grab. Also, as we have seen in recent disasters, government power to react is limited unless the military is employed. Solution: use the military to handle disaster relief because they have the equipment and expertise to get the job done. Just retire or relieve the generals and admirals who don't respond to orders quickly and efficiently.
It is hardly a fantasy that indigent people have been taken of without insurance. Look at the name  of hospitals, and you will see many have religious origins. That hints at the role churches used to have in western societies. That we are fighting over insurance policies is an indication of the advancement of the secular state, and is not really a moral issue unless you think the state is the devil.
Central banks do centralized things. That's why they call them central banks. 
I don't want to be read as being mean and selfish, but aren't we responsible for these famines in Africa by encouraging a culture of dependence on AID. I frankly don't care, because I know there is more than enough food in the world to feed these people and I've seen starvation elsewhere where it doesn't get much publicity. But this is Africa, and we all carry the guilt of the white man's burden. How sad. Let's teach them to fish and grow their own crops instead.
Bloody marvelous. From university student at the University of Nottingham to bond trader in five years. Hired as a trainee. So inquiring minds would like to know who turned him in? Was it the suspect himself, perhaps hoping to make millions publishing a book on his escapades at UBS, just like the others caught doing this have done? Come on, people, you can't have a financial system run like this and expect it to work.
I cannot believe how what started as a relatively minor hacking incident involving the parents of a missing child has blossomed into such a major brouhaha requiring Calahan to cancel his South African trip suddenly, and parliament to stay in session. I know they don't have many clear and sunny days over there for their vacations. So if the FBI is joining in the investigation, what are they going to find on this side of the pond?
I'm sorry, but our society has rules because life is so unfair. Is it unfair to punish Navy commanders who run their ships aground when they weren't even at the wheel. Should Army commanders take the fall and be denied promotions because of the unpunished misdeed of their subordinates? We have rules for immigraation, and many obey them to gain entry into this country. Vargas did not at age 12 and has taken insufficient steps since to rectify the situation. Well, I'm sorry, but there are rules and the rules are there to protect citizens like me. And I expect both formal and informal rules to be obeyed or we have no society.
In the old Soviet Union, tourists were prohibited from taking pictures of train stations and airports, presumably because these had military purposes, although probably not since World War I.  We are infected by this paranoia, too. Outside the super-secret National Security Agency at Ft. Meade, Md., there are signs warning passers-by not to take pictures of the blue-glass building and I recall some non-Americans were stopped and quizzed by the police in the wake of 9/11 after taking pictures of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge. Hmmm. Why do you think they really wanted those pictures of a bridge?
Since the world's TV cameras were all focused on that Cairo square on that day, it should be easy for CBS to come up with footage documenting this assault.
This is hardly enough. The Tea Party is not living up to its promises. Where are the agency closings we were promised? What about closing the U.S. Institute of Peace and dismantling the Department of Education? What about reforms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, which did nothing about Madoff in spite of being given the evidence of his wrong-doing. What about the waste and inefficiency. This budget cut only rewards do-nothing federal government employees and doesn't at all reform what is wrong with our federal spending. What a disgrace to those who voted for the Tea Party. 
Who is Katie Couric, and what is the CBS Evening News?
At last, someone has been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, and this image Warren Buffett has sought to create of the world's most ethical company is once again pierced. It is about time, in my opinion, and I hope investors will now take this into account when they consider the worth of those incredibly inflated Berkshire-Hathaway shares. The Securities and Exchange Commission needs to look closer at this transaction, as well as others made by this grossly overweight conglomerate. I also think the news media needs to reexamine its preening treatment of the "oracle of Omaha" and be more skeptical when claims of ethical business transactions are claimed. No matter what the parties in this dispute claim, using insider information to buy stocks is a violation of our laws. 
I am sure that if I was caught in the kitchen with my hand in the cookie jar, I would of course respond that I had absolutely no intention of stealing a cookie. It is the same with this case. Using your argument, we should empty out the prisons because I am sure we will find convicts convinced they weren't doing wrong when they did wrong.<br/>
I am also incredibly upset that Warren Buffett somehow gets a pass from reporters when it comes to cases like this. Might I remind reporters that we recently had one of the most respected financiers in America convicted of running a ponzi scheme. So I am not inclined to give this case a pass like reporters seem to want to. I want the Securities and Exchange Commission to do their job, not sit on their duffs as they did in the case of Bernie Madoff -- the respected financier I refer to.
Put the fear of God in them, and charge children with disseminating child pornography by sexting. After a few prosecutions, the word would get around schools that this activity is not permitted in this society, and the activity would cease. It's like shoplifting. If you tolerate young people doing it and don't prosecute, you are just encouraging others to join in. No matter the age, people have to be held accountable for their actions that violate the laws. If you don't like that, then persuade the state legislature and Congress that child pornography is acceptable.
Perhaps there's a rebellion afoot over the idea of spending $1 million for a pile of sticks manufactured from woodchips, wrapped in Tyvek paper, and then plastered over with plastic siding made from recycled milk cartons. I think people have finally seen through this fraud and no longer want anything to do with what passes as house construction today. Take a look at these suburban McMansions. They can't even get the corners square and the utility bills for heating or cooling them are simply incredible. America's housebuilders need to take a lesson from what has happened in Detroit and bring back some quality controls,

There are litmus tests here, and if Republicans don't follow through on promises, there will be retribution in the polls during the primaries and general elections next year. Brown and Murkowski may not be up for reelection next year, but many of their GOP colleagues are and if they aren't obtuse, they will see that they will get the Bob Bennett treatment in their states. Voters are fed up with politicians who seek compromise over principles. We want cuts, not Bob Bennett compromises. Allow this spending to increase, and incumbents will hear the whisper of the ax real soon. 
No problem. Just a little smoke. Where there's smoke there's fire, or someone inside the plant smoking. Nothing to worry about. Won't affect the population in the least. Those likely in danger have already been relocated. Not that they have been informed yet they are likely never to be allowed to come back. No disruption in their lives, really. Many were elderly and going into assisted living soon anyway. Absolutely no health issues involved. The U.S. State Department is giving out thryoid pills to its staff at the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo 200 miles away, but there's categorically no danger to the population. Certainly, Americans don't have anything to worry about as the clouds from the failed reactors reach America's shores and scatter particles on California fields growing vegetable distributed across the United States in winter. Don't panic and hype what has been just a minor problem. Don't be a fool and arrange for your own supply of thyroid pills. Remember nuclear power is one of the safest ways of producing electricity, with a proven track record that compares favorably to other means. Believe us, citizens, it's safe. Everything is under control. Don't worry. Just a minor glitch. 
Why is our government telling us we don't need to get possasium iodide tablets when it is giving out doses of this drug to State Department employees in Tokyo. If it's good for the goose, it's good for the gander. I think we are being lied to about the consequences of these reactor problems. Japanese officials initially sought to minimize the problem, yet now admit they have a serious problem. They have yet to acknowledge to those relocated that they are not going to be able to live in their former homes anymore. We are told that food is likely to be contaminated, yet that is said not to be a problem. What is the straight story here, NYT? We need objective and solid reporting on the problems at this plant and its consequences, not just a repeat of government lies. 
It is a disgrace that the pronouncements of public officials cannot be trusted. It only deepens public skepticism that they are not been told the whole truth on matters they fear and do not know well. We have gone through this before in our country, and presidents learned a bitter lesson about dissembling or being economical with the truth. Nothing government officials can say will match the worst fears of the public, so they must adhere to the highest levels of truthfulness. If they don't know, a no comment or I'll have to get back to you on that is much more acceptable than deliberate deception. 
The new technology bulbs are not just expensive: $34 for a bulb of similar intensity as the one I can buy for 50 cents. Plus the light is different, and not as comforting as the incandescent. You cannot stare into an LED bulb, and you cannot remove an LED bulb while it is lit with a dish towel. It is so hot it is a fire hazard. So add up the increased insurance costs, the costs of the bulb, the annual eye checkups caused by strain because it's difficult to see at night, and i think you will find these bulbs are extravantly expensive -- and wastefully expensive.
Giving up freedom to obtain security leads to no freedom and no security.  Just look at where our future government is headed, e.g.  North Korea, China, Saudi Arabia, England, Israel, Russia etc<br/><br/>Those people gave up freedom for security.  We are becoming a third world country.<br/><br/>Freedom is not free, many Americans have died for the freedoms we enjoyed and are presently being squandered,  where no brave statesmen in government stands up for the people.<br/><br/>-- Tomas Jeffereson
<br/>He who fights by the sword dies by the sword.
Our minds have limited intellect.  We will never conceptually understand the very fundamentals of everything.  We need to accept that and be humbled by it.  We probably exist in a multi-dimensional universe that may have an infinite number of  dimensions. The most a human mind can understand conceptually are 4 dimensions.  Any other explanations above 4 no matter how cleverly explained by mathematical symbols, string theory, multiverse, or space warping onto itself  is just a laughing stock.  Can you teach an ant crossing your table in the morning the concepts of calculus.  No matter how many different crumbs or pieces of sugar you lay out even given an googleplex of time, you will not be able to instruct the ant on the concepts of calculus.  The ant will never understand the concepts of a derivative or integral.  Well that's how our minds are when we go above four dimensional thinking.
Obviously the mistress was probably a Russian or Chinese spy that's why he had to resign.
Does anyone really believe these numbers right before the election!!  LOL
What do you expect from fake Democracy in Russia.
DLD, I "Hazard" to say your comment was Cold, yet at the same time, Comical!<br/>I can already see LR nodding in agreement!<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ
Leapy! What are you trying to "Palm" off on us now?<br/>Hee Hee Hee<br/><br/>Howie, YBOQ
MOL, EEN and Ted W, When LaLeapy talks shop, she's never out of Joints!<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ
EEN, We must look at our "Calendars" to duly take note of "Julian's" first posted comment, and/or MANTLE piece, here in WP!  LOL<br/><br/>Howie
OMG! I just espied the comment I submitted late last night where I went begging for at least five reco's, only to just discover moments after sending my last comment that my dear, kind and generous friends here in WP have dug down deep into their pockets and purses to reward me with a half Doz. of what I NEEDy most!<br/>My sincerest thanks go out to all you DHAGP*<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ<br/>* Even though you don't live in my hometown
Lasz, Oh,Thanks a lot, PAL! Your comment immediately bags the five reco's I went begging for! (BTW,one came from me)<br/>One has only to make mention of my LLR in a comment and they're assured of at least half as many reco's as she would amass on her own...SHEESH!!!<br/>I guess it's the steep price I have to pay for once again having married UP?<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ
Rich, If indeed, Mac K raises sheep dogs, I'm fairly CERTAIN it's through sheer wool power!<br/><br/>Howie
As a former 7th Army Honor Guard M.P. stationed in Stuttgart, GERMANy, back in the late 1950's, I have to criticize the saluting form of the three Fort Riley BERET wearing soldiers in the pic attached to today's blog!<br/>Of the trio, only the one in the middle comes closest to demonstrating the correct form all recruits are taught on the first day of basic training!<br/><br/>Parade rest! At ease!  Now fall out!<br/><br/>Spl 3rd class Hughes
GM, five, You're up early...Ooops! 5:30 A.M....Duh!<br/><br/>As for TIMESINK, we were Sunk by that too!<br/><br/>Howie and LR
Going by the names appended to the dozen or so posts thus far this early Saturday morn, I'd like to thank suejean for the one lone reco my NEEDY comment has received!<br/><br/>Just 'BOUT fo mo will do me...<br/><br/>WHH
Mac K, RU CERTAIN you'd love getting a PROPOSAL from Krozel in the setting of a SATXWDPuzzle?<br/>If I'm not mistaken, I'm pretty sure he's already spoken for?<br/>POTTIES of the second part?<br/>I'm sorry, MK, we'll simply have no DALENE here in WP!  Hee Hee Hee<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ
PIGMENTS of our imagination, getting a BIGBANG for our bucks from the BIGBANKS!<br/>"LEI DEI, I'm your knight in shining armor and I love you!"<br/><br/>WHH<br/>PS I really felt the BERNE @ 39A and being so NEEDY,  IWISH I GARNI at least Five reco's for this comment?
Welcome back, Jane Darling, to the friendly confines of WP, where you're always warmly thought of.<br/><br/>Howie  TBOQ
John, There were two other flamboyant grapplers who were on the scene back in the late 40's at the same time as GG, and throughout the 50's, namely, "The Golden Superman" and my particular favorite "Gene 'Mr. America' Stanlee!"<br/>He, BTW, was a Chicago native, born and raised!<br/><br/>Howie
Migrant, Not even I, April Fool Numero Uno, would be foolhardy enough to engage in matching wits with LaLeapy!<br/>As a matter-of-fact, her actual likeness is posted in dictionaries around the globe next to the primary definition of "steel trap"!<br/><br/>WHH  TBOQ
But, LeapyL, I was simply going to remark on your always admirable rapier-like wit!<br/><br/>Howie, cutting away to black
Wow! spenyc, I have to say, in total awestructiveness, how utterly an assertive mood you're evidently in this Friday morn!<br/>No doubt, there's nary a drop of dairy creamer in the kitch to go with your customary cup of morning joe?<br/>Happy to report though, I found your list of queries above to be quite arresting!<br/><br/>WHH
GM, Roy Leban, Anyone who begins their comment with "I'll be brief" it's pretty much a given said comment will be read!<br/><br/>WHH
INIGO, but what doido now that I've GOTTEIN?<br/><br/>WHH
Oh, Wowie Zowie! Howie love your Bowie!<br/><br/>WHH
MTF, You bust earned a chrome plated AREOLA RINGing reco from this on the record non legman!<br/><br/>"A NODe from a Lord is breakfast for a fool"<br/><br/>"Like to the LARKs at break of day arising from sullen earth, sings hymns at heaven's gate"<br/>IKID you not, SKIDOO should have been inserted @23A!<br/><br/>ASHES to ASHER, Dawn to Dusk!<br/><br/>Howie  TFBOEH
John, I can understand why you would be ticked, especially after hearing your tale of woe, it reminded me of that WWll novel written by Lillian Hellman, and made into a Hollywood film that starred Bette Davis and Paul Lukas titled, "Whine on the Watch"  Hee Hee Hee<br/><br/>WHH
I say, John Boy!  Why has all the attention been focused upon by the LOL Insurance johnnies, down through the years, on the shapely pins of Hollywood actresses, have they ever been approached to insure the outstanding bosomy attributes owned by the likes of Mae West, Jane Russell, Jayne Mansfield, etc, etc.<br/>Since many good things come on pairs...we legions of non legmen demand parity!<br/><br/>Careful, Howie, after all, you are aware, Sir, are you not, that you've been tittering on the brink all this week here in WP?
Jimbo, You got that right, good buddy, as Bru definitely seems to strike us both, as one truly CUtE guy!<br/><br/>Howie
Good Morning, suejeanLUV, can it possibly be, that these two frightfully clever chaps 'ad you solely in mind when they 'appened to dedicate this XWDP way across the SEAs in Dear Old 'arrogate?<br/><br/>'Owie
There must be a mystery mentor cell watching this planning to channel his next victim.<br/>I do not think this increase of attacks to maim many are not isolated incidents. eg Murrah, Eurora, Newton, VA Tech, Columbine, Gabrial Giffords Maybe mind control drugs or some form of vudu or brain washing system. Or maybe even channeling mind control. It seams all these people were under some form of possession or spell of hypnotism. Weak minded easily influenced individuals already fused by resentment, bitterness, hate, fear, with an aim to justify by violence. Karl Marx made a social science out of this and converted two thirds of the World population. It took a hundred years for people to realize there is no conflict in polarities . They are in perfect harmony and cooperation  Einstein ended the theory and created the opposite chain reaction by splitting the atom. My biggest question is . What was Terrorism doing all the years of the cold war. The Berlin wall fell without a fight.<br/>I always felt the American way was we are here to show you a better way . As JFK amicably said " Don't ask what the World can do for your country ask only what your country can do for the World.<br/>I only wish we had been as prepared for 911 as the show of cooperation and unity so vigilantly and miraculously displayed in Boston. The power of  good is truly greater than the power of evil.
This proves if Jesus came again he would be crucified again. Judaism ended when Jesus walked out of the river and began again.<br/>
Ignorance is bliss. no wonder there no forgiveness in Israel. War is not an answer.<br/>
We are all the chosen people now.<br/>
The Messianic age is over. Agnostic means to believe Jesus did not come to die but to live.<br/>
Agnostic means the resurrection was Spiritual and not Physical.<br/>
But I agree only God is good and we should follow Him&gt;Her in our Hearts and no man Person or Place.
Money talks and bull walks .<br/>
In a debate specifics are essential, Mojo is also important. I always feel its similar to boxing. When your hit with a hard punch, you must immediately counter punch with fury and make your opponent feel his best shots have had no effect. This is a psychological tactic even though your hurting. Romney had him at the git go and knew Obama was out to lunch with his sweety and felt guilty . The salvation of our country was in the way of the anniversary dinner and sucked all the energy out of the room. Seek ye first the elimination of romper room boy and let all other things fall into place.<br/>
But I think Obama won because he did not let himself get out of control even though I felt he wanted to drop the anchors.<br/>
Romney showed his true colors a chameleon . I hope before the next debate Obama has a steak dinner and stops the veggie diet sweety has him on . Lots of coffee not decaff real caffeine coffee. 
Good conclusion .<br/>
The GOP are also only interested in one Job Obamas.<br/>
God save us all.
Torture was to force confessions to justify war.<br/>
Marx and Engles used dialectical materialis, tricked two thirds of the World population into consensual totalitarianism.<br/>
Cheney is sliding under the fence of converting the Legislative and the Courts under the Executive being the underlying destruction of The US.<br/>
It was treasonable to betray a soldier in the White House.Valary Plame.<br/>
There was no WMD and the Iraq war was planned long before the 911 ever occurred like day one of the Bush Admin.. Ten thousand Marines are dead and one hundred thousand are wounded. The Iraqi citizens 65,000 dead and a million wounded. Three million fled and will not be home soon. .<br/>
Its ironic Tony Blair's World Book Tour was banned in Ireland.The liar claimed he only entered the Iraq war after the 911 happened . The big elephant in the kitchen was who wrote the Downing st memos and who underpinned the fake info you all dished out to Sec Gen Colin Powell.<br/>
The Americans should stop this war monger unleashing a lying legacy of slf justification of slf pitty he could not make an enviormmental disaster that would crush the World in a clean up effort for a thousand years. ..<br/>
He should be tried for putting our boys and girls in harms way unnecessarily.
These tyrannical junta Dictators have fallen so low when you see Mubarak dragged in ,in a stretcher to face killing 300 of his people in Tahrir Square and Assad is looking on as Qaddafi is hiding among the girl guides dresses in the School Convent.<br/>
42 years of oppression and terror ends a Feudal Monarchic system and gives birth in democratising the Globe..<br/>
lately I am proud of America in Wisconsin activating peaceful demonstration in toppling totalitarians using our constitutional rights.<br/>
Yes we can demonstrate the will of the people in a dubious time when our truths are not so self evident. With out sacrifice our system does not work it was not designed to have rich people inherit a legacy to hand down to mad sons.<br/>
In god we trust.<br/>
The wealth increased.<br/>
The spirit betrayed.<br/>
The house divided.<br/>
What does it profit.<br/>
On that Day His Love shall Overwhelm.<br/>
please America bring my children home.
The lady of satirical eloquence in essence has evolved into a masterful critic.<br />Happiness is still the shadow of love.<br /><br />I think when Jesus walked out of the Jordon, John should have also followed. Our only hope is to know the Messianic age is over and all mankind are the chosen people. We all need a fresh start.<br />Thanks Maureen,What a job. great stuff. Nailed it.<br /><br />
Thanks Frank for saying it like it is. I wish I could write like that. This a fantaboulous article.Great Job i hope Obama and crew read this It is simple and presents a clear picture. Look if Obama took prisoners the result would be worse than the violent reaction we have now. The point is we now have something done. This is not about the American people it's about who's in charge. Loosing Teds seat to Brown woke up the Dems to vote HCR or lose an election . We got the consolation prize with no public option. We the people get the short end when they try and repeal in the name of state rights. This is about race and who is in charge and nothing else. look at the coincidence Greenspan and irregularity is the same time frame as Reagan.
This is all about action replay. JFK got tough and blew Vietnam . Obama must not fall into the same trap. Just keep them trapped in along the third inside rail exposing the Party of NO and getting plenty of gas milage on the dead Health Care issue. Ha Ha If we never got health Care would the Economy be reformed Ha ha. Maureen, you are getting to them. They are on the run,it's clear from the defencive response. The word on the street has great talking points. 
Maybe if we consider all is polarity and male and female he made them in His own image. Adam and Eve walked and talked with God in the cool of the evening. Evil only showed up after the fall. God said don't eat the fruit or you die. We did, and no one died. Consider no evil existed before the fall. The commandment must have been a guide to inherit perfect creativity. Not a choice. Eve did not choose to fall she was beguiled tricked by a serpert a devil an Arc Angel. A Male Spititual being that made the World with God. Adam fell to Eve breaking the commandment and falling into a self centered love relationship. The history is just repeating itself all over the world for all time. My analagy is trying to portray the story. It was not the apple on the tree it was the pare on the ground. God said he accepted Abels offering and regected Cain. This time someone died. Noah got drunk and blew his position of a new begining of only eight people. Abraham blew his position and fell asleep and forgot to cut the birds. Not killing his son redeemed him but slavery prevailed for four hundred years. Joseph was betrayed by all his brothers. Jacob stole a birthright and a blessing with the help of his Mother. Ishmael was thrown out in the dirt. Moses killed an Egyptian , smashed his ten commandments, and struck the rock twice forbiding him to enter the Promised Land. Prostitutes helped Joshua and caleb to enter the The Promised land. John the Bapist asked if jesus was the one or should we look for another.Jesus answered John is the least in the Kingdom of Heaven. Jesus was murdered and condemned for sedition not one single charge held against Him not even the blind kid. I thought the purpose of Christianity was to prepare for the Second Christ. I do no think we are ready. If we prepare as a thief in the night we might be introduced to Heavenly Father and Mother God. My point is Council of Women or anybody should be in Groups. It's time for Mother Chuech to realise a new ae has begun in the midts of great confusion . There is no chosen person, people ,culture, nation , Religion, or Church. All mankind are Gods Chosen people. We are all restored little Adams and Eves returning in love in this complete resurrection Two by Two. Spiritual eternity is a reality.   
It's plain to see nobody knows what is going on. Imagine if she was the VP of our Nation overreving on a Peter principle. "Can I call you Joe". Look it's time we the People compliment ourselves on the Presidential Choice. Mc Cain is exposed as a man choosing a mad woman to handle the VP position of this Nation. Dead fish go with the flow but fiecies always floats. The resounding words of Bill Clinton in the Denver Convention are slowly kicking in. You People are on the wrong side of History. More important to me right now is shovel ready job's and the 10% unemployment rate . Please spend the stimulus package. America needs action right now.
This is just a public defence daughter and all to deter a legal criminal investigative battle, that may result in prosecution. Bill was impeached for a spot on a blue dress. To change history and preserve a legacy is this the motive for all this fan fair. This guy wants to go down in history as the Lord Protector. We know he was President. He thinks he was president George knows he was the Dogs body. Torture is usually to get people to tell what they know. These techniques were used to extract false confessions from people to say Alquaeda was connected to teaching people to manufacture WMDlinking WMD to Saddam ie; Gen Sec Powell presentation in the UN to justify WMD. The Valery Plame eposide blew the whistle. These people had to justify War. There was no WMD and the war in iraq was planned long before 911 ever happened. The 911 Comission clearly states no connection with Alqaeda and Saddam. Remember how Bush 41 said the war in Kuwait was a just war and we were a kinder gentler Nation. Who said we cut and and run, who is cutting and running now. it's only ironic to see Cheney wants the memos released to say torture worked and Obama is second guessing not to release pictures of tortured people. The justification of violence is Marxist Dialectical Materialism. The entire Engles Marx philosophy is based on the justfication of violence. I pray for the new administration to follow a pathway of peace. We must consider eight Nations have nukes. Any man in this age has to be stark raving mad to solve problems with choice one torture viloence and war. The truth is this guy was the President and he will let every body go down with blood in their hands. The thing is two wrongs does not make a right. We thought all along Cheney was transfering the power of the Judicary to the power of the Executive. I think this was the main issue not waterboarding. It's like the transfer of debt transfered from Wall St Bankers to Main St Tax Payers. Then the wrong issue becomes Corp Bonus. Wag the dog. Red became Blue hopfully for the next forty years. Carvelle might have a point to his new book. 
12 million Emmigrant's. 12 Million Unemployed. 12 million don't have health Care. Is this a new game of bait and switch. We refinanced the Banks so who picked up the tab on the toxic asset's. Mr Krugman if the Dow Jones is nearly at a staedy 9 and the price of a barrel of oil is $50 for six months straight how come the Fed Rate is not kicking in. All of a sudden has imports and exports got an effect on our GDP. We can't understand that the subprime mortgages had such an effect on our world global and transnational economy. Even five million foreclosures does not add up to this great calamity. Five million at $150,000 a shot does not even add up to the first tarp payment and now they want us to anti up again. Are we there yet. Are we there yet. Are we there yet.<br />Beware of Greek's bearing Gift's. To big to fail. Remove this phrase from our political dictionary. THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS LUCK THE PREPARATORY WORK OF THE CLINTON'S AND TED KENNEDY COMBINED WITH THE OPPOTUNITY OF THE OBAMA PHENOMENON MUST BE WED. THE MARRIAGE MUST TAKE PLACE. Health said "I do" to Care. Illegal Wars cost as much. Tough Love hurt's. Now we know the nature of the beast, Katrina and Ab yu Graib were not the downfall. " To say thoes who are not with me are against me" was. This kind of leadership frightened off 187 National allie's and united our enemie's against us. To be an emigrant is torture. To be out of work is torture. To have no Health care is torture. Now we have given all the oven ready Cake's to the big wig's. Where's all the shovel ready job's. Let's get the led out. 
The first thing to do is teach everybody to regect a Party of no and don't vote for them for Forty years. Banish The GOP from representing people as a Party. I mean revoke their license. Red card no play in the next game. They have been driving drunk on the wrong side of the road for to long. They turned our bank's into Casinoe's The party of no has swown latley meaning Cheney especially to justify himself and not care for the American People. If I go down I will bring you all down with blood on everyones hand's. If you think you won an Election I will make shure you inherit a Global situation that guarantees faliure. Did That. The cards dished out to Obama were ripped from a stacked deck. If we cant have it nobody can. Reagan's wife came up with an empty slogan for people on drugs twenty years ago " Just say no to drug's". Now they laugh at us again with a new slogan for the Homeless. "Get a God Dam House.".<br />I cant take it any more when I read in The New York Times Yesderday. Israel had Nukes, war heads by the hundreds all along. I wondered why The Whole World watched the Mascure and slaughter of Gaza. No one could take them on. I hope obama has the gaul to shoot them down if they break Iran air space. We might have a Billion mad people with guns raging in the middle east. We were all led to believe Iran had one nearly. Maddof is the only guy in Jail for all this mess. Whats up. A half million a month out of work is torture. It used to be 12 million don't have health care now it's twelve million don't have job's. Does this mean we dont need health care. What happened to all the shovel ready projects. Let's get some of the led out. Obama should know the Obstructionists are creating as many distractions as possible to offset his plan . Go Obama, Go Obama. Go Obama. When opportunity meets preperation. That what a job is. There is no such thing as luck. Let's Roll. We are ready willing and able. 
So Condi was just conveying,transmitting,delivering,orders for the White House. Condi now is a conduit following orders in the wake of Colin Powell's resignation. Can she now freely convey to us why she stonewalled the 911 commisssion. One minite you have a flowing conduit and the next a backed up suer. Shame on us if we think black people don't know what torture is. This kind of torture was designed to extract a confession from people to confirm Alqueda was in iraq to justify a War planned from day one before 911 happened with no WMD. Now we have 4270 marines dead over 30,000 wounded , 650.000 Iraque civilians dead. 6 million displaced. and the middle east in a mess. This technique backfired on Pilate when he tortured Jesus, he hoped the people would feel sorry for him and guarantee his release with a pardon. Unfortunatly the mob ruled. Then he washed his hands to save his Position.  
What a fabulous article Mr Herbert. We must continue to remind ourselves to keep the ten yards down. The GOP should be forbidden to represent people for forty years on the grounds they might incriminate themselves. Churchill said in the WW2 "This is your finest hour". Obama inherited a mess and we need jobs yesderday. I for one felt during the Campaign The Party of NO were trying to make a World War Platform to facilitate The son of an Admiral fitting for a war hero. When the platform of terror did not work down went Lehman Bros, yet another ploy to stop the General Election. You must admit when you heard slogans like Bomb,Bomb,bomb Iran, Or We are all Georgians,Or I have posponed my Election Campaign. The biggest divide in America was not Sunday morning at eleven but how Bush and Mc Cain could not meet for fundraisers. My opinion is the GOP showed shame for their own Party from the Getmo. Abu Graib and Kathrina was bad but to say you never expected an attack on The Twin Towers was worse when we were hit in the same building by the same crowd in 1997. I was there. They tried to bomb the basement colums to bring the building down. I think Condi stonewalled lots of info regarding this point to cover up innaction. Three silver bullets could have changed lots of things when they surrounded Bin Laden in Afganistan. My math might be off but Five Million written off Foreclosed Homes at approx 150,000 Dollars a shot is no where near 3.2 Trillion. Or even TARP 7 bill or The Stimilus Package 8 bill. Are we just holding on to a standard of living to keep the Banks on the dole.    
macro or micro econonics, I'm lost "you had me at the fed rate is not funtioning and has no effect on the fluctuation of the elasticity of trade. The Hydron Cholider is up and running again at the end of May.They fixed the freeon Gas leak, more wiered science . We all know the effect of the chain reaction of splitting an attom. Or financing a War for no reason. I think to race atoms into each other at many times the speed of light to experiment what might happen is crazy. The big magnets are supposed to measure the carbon deposits or a new kind of diamond maybe. These guys are having a shot at finding out how God made the World or what is the answer to the theory of the big black hole. At the same time the 2012 metorite is moving past between the sun and the earth the pressure of these events could also be melting the ice and pushing us off our axis. I learned my economics from my mother she said inflation is when you spend beyond your means. I would rather this atomic experiment be carried out in outer space not fifteen miles inside our planet in Europe. Enough. 
Has the Downing St Memo anything to do with the death of Patrick Kelly. I saw an interview between Sir David Frost and Gordon Brown last week in London redredging the facts on the heels of the G20. They were planning to reinvestigate why The Brits were in the Iraq war in the first place. We must consider four investigations already took place including the famous Huntington Report to no avail. The Brits pulled their troops out this week and one hundred people died in Bagdad. Its true what this article is  saying, this baby is not going to bed. There was no WMD and the illegal War in Iraq was planned day one of the Bush Administration according to Bill Woodward's book, Wash Post editor. long before 911 ever happened. Im not looking at memos I'm looking at the shambles of the middle East,The Afgan and Pakistan debockle. Not to mention The Economic Meltdown. Lets face it it was a debt moved from Wall St to Main St Tax Payers with plenty of memos and blame to go around. Pelosi knew is the new defence so the Party of no conclude as usual two wrongs make a right. The great leadership quality of the Bush administration was to unite all our enemies against us. well you might say he did not make a world war ,or stop the general Election. Thank God for not privatizing Social Security. Cheney needs to know the two Gospels, John the Baptist was beheaded for accusing King Herod for sleeping with his brothers wife. simultaniously Jesus was forgiving Mary Magdelene for Adultry, same sin. They were of total opposite persuasions of thought. To me this symbolizes the two doctrines eye for eye and tooth for tooth is replaced by Obama's doctrine a win ,win solution of forgivness and love if you repent. But then again Jesus was crusified so in the end its up to the people of the peope by the people for the people. This time lets not do things right but lets "do the right thing". Imagine if Puncious Pilate had not washed his hands that day and took resposibility, we should not wash our hands of this and let history continue to repeat itself. This Pig is wearing purple eye shadow with FLU like symtoms with epidemic pandemic consequences. This is not an isolated incident it pertains to our Constitution. You cannot move forward with a leaky radiator hose in just a few miles you will have no engine. 
I thought Amendments could be amended by a Refurendum.<br />It's not like legal memos that look like they approve torture to cover your touch in the event of protest,<br />Your article is like the expose of the torture memos but where is the political will of the people. Our moral conscience does not have the steel girders to hold up and underpin the architectural social design. We have gone global with people whom are undisiplined with no regulation or moral conscience. The rules cant even rule Pirates. As long as morality is not entertained into the equasion of Democracy it wont work, This is why we need guns. Evil and God were not part of Karl marx system of Dialectical Materialism, his Social Science left out two major components.It fell because it did not make sense. 76 million people died in WWII, This tells me there is evil, Without the sacrificial endevour of sacrifical people Democracy will not work, Greed and imorality is devouring our great experiment. Obama might say we are not a Christian nation but without the moral development of the charactar of our hearts and spirits, This article will be written next year statistically in greater numbers to no avail. We failed Jesus he did not fail us we left God He never left us. Matt 5,48 You therefore can be perfect as your heavenly Father in Heaven is perfect. Let us strive to build a more Perfect Union.  
Why pick on the Irish. We only have three million citizens an one million Latvians and Polish working for nothing. A slave society with a false sense of economic confidence. You have 250 million people kicking out the Mexicans and you have the moxy to compare yourself to the Irish. I know what you are saying is your self justification our selfishness matches our greed. The great combination that led us down into the pit. Eve was in the Garden looking for a more mature love relationship and found a feel sorry for yourself selfish jelous Satan in the bushes. Adam had not yet discovered his stimulus package. We never even got our fourth of july yet from the British. While you revive your Tea Parties in disruption for the Party of NO. Reveal your sins of Torture but not what the banks did with the TARP MONEY. Double standard. I ALWAYS THOUGHT CONTINGENCY PLAN WAS AN ECONOMIC MANAGEMENT PLAN REFERING TO PLAN B. THE NEW NAME FOR THE WAR ON TERROR. And by the way "La go bragh" means "It's a beautiful day". Did you know Tached cottages are the in thing now and we dont have pigs in the kitchen. Think of it we survived worse than this we used to have eighteen million people before the potato Famine. Now 20% of the population of the US is Irish. That's like one fifth, yes forthy million. Dont fool yourself into thinking Obama got there by the Black vote. Hey Krughman go pick on someone your own size. Fell sorry for yourself someplace else.   
This article is just to get us off Tea bags and Torture.<br />one thing is for shure if this Administration is to move to the next meal. Let's clean off the table. This Emporor never had any clothes. 
Hey Bono .<br /> "It's a beautiful day".<br /> We must compliment The Bush regime that led us down into the pit for three things. 1 He did not start a World War. 2 He did not privatize Social Security. 3 He did not stop the General Election. I don't like Bush but I'm against the blame game. Christianity had a mission to prepare for Christ and no one was ready introducing Communism and three world wars. Now The Southern Bapist Christian right, Our Congress and Senate including the British Parlement and many nations voted for the War in Iraq. The blame game does not work. We must look at ourselves and participate in the process. My mantra is there was no weapons of mass destruction and the war in Iraq was planned from day one of the Bush administration long before 911 ever took place. I hope the world ignoring the Gaza mascure does not give the moxy to Natanyahu to bomb, bomb, bomb, Iran. Otherwise we could have an echological disaster that would take one thousand years to clean up.<br /><br />Thanks Bono, and your great group U2. You do the Irish proud we truly love you for all that you do. I read your Da was the guy who believed in you guy's and gave you the few quid to cut the first album. I would not argue with him we all owe him. He made you guys and believed in you all. Some day you will talk to me I'm a Dubliner thats been around and God has given me a message for you He told me He loves you and a time will come and you will know it's me it shall be revealed to you thoes three special words . "He is here".<br /><br />Kieran O'Neill. "Yea The O'Neill Clan". 
O Yea. Where is Universal Health care promised by<br />CLINTON,OBAMA,AND KENNEDY. Dashel is gone now whats up. The big 20 dump a trillion on the world sceen. 12 million have no Health Care in the US. The Clintons promised with no delivery in their tenure. Whats up. Wagnor got a 20 million golden parachute. Yea we were angry about the last eight years. The Pentagon did not reduce costs and eliminate expenses to justify a war. The biggest problem to balance the budget is being shoved in our faces as the reduction of Health Care expences. Nobody said anything in balancing a budget for the unjust war. We want Universal Health Care yea 12 million People. Dont start explaining us away all thoes in Europe have it. Smiles and phychology did not get this administration where they want to be. They promised health Care. Now it's being explained away. We haven't seen a first down. All we see is nuclear warheads flying over japan. Not to mention Iran shooting up a sputnic latley. After 911 why even take a chance. These guys could scramble our communications. 
Two commedians made a name for themselves and pumped up their ratings calling us out without laughing. This is the cost of doing business. Whats the big polemic. This is not a Katrina moment. This is a malox moment after eight years of Bush and failed policies. You cannot expect Obama to be called out on every toilet roll missing from the bathroom. I doubt he will say I screwed up on this one. If it's not Rent on a limo a lapsed tax payment or 2% Porky the Pig it is seen to be perfect obstructionism that ties up the boat at the dock as we rev full steam ahead making lots of white splashing water going nowhere. Ironically some of the Republicans are for paying the bonuses now.  The Republicans are so elated to have a new whipping boy Geithner to defame the ratings of a popular President. Look they got one in the basket. Even in basket ball people win on technical fouls. Whats the big polemic on miniscuel bonuses that can be retracted when the real problem is eighteen years of no regulation creates an AIG monster in forty seven foreign foreign countries with a budget four times bigger than Home Land Security. look don't sweat the small petti stuff it's just the cost of doing business in the age of corruption. What shall become of us if God forbid Michelle surges with a splurge to buy new dishes for the White House. The more things change the more they stay the same. One thing I would suggest is everybody is on Geitner and rightly so expressing how techy and smart he is but he lack's the art of salesmanship. Have you ever seen what happens to your sales when you let the mechanic talk to the customers. We need to sell the sizzle not the grizzle. I will be sad for America if the hard working successful people are punished for being successful.     
Hey Blow, a plough horse and a race horse both eat grass. The thing is the race horse makes more money. I can't shoot hoops like Mike Jordon or score goals like Becham. The American dream is we are not punished for being successful. if these guys got busted they must have been a bubble. The thing is this is OUR money and these are the very guys that sank the Titanic lieing cheating and stealing sticking it to us taking the most for the least. These guys did not earn this money we did and we lent it to them in hope. To big to fail is a treat we fell for. This culture of no regulation in the last eighteen years got so big and arrogant it bloated out Companies like AIG to be four times the size of The budget of Home land Security and fanged out it's tazor edge teeth and claws into forty six Countries around the globe. We must humble to the arrogance and quickly blame ourselves and pamper it's pride and feed them with big bonuses or else we are told the world would stop. I don't mind bailing out the boat but this is our boat. Obama gets it it's Global. Thanks for your candor allowing us to vent our anger but I don't think the word in your first paragraph should be "Gambled" it should be "SABOTAGE". I STILL THINK LEHMAN BROS WAS THE HOSTAGE THROWN OFF THE PLANE TO ENSURE SERIOUS DISCUSSION FOR TARP, SO AS THEY COULD FLY AWAY WITH THE AMERICAN PEOPLE'S TAX DOLLARS. When you mess with the system it bites you. Just like the smartallic school children moved the clock forward an hour to get out of school early. The next morning the were all late for school. The system is so broken that when they cry wolf we kill the shepard. Obama is not worried about rocking the boat but lets get this boat off the rocks. How can we go fullsteam ahead when the party of NO consistently tie up the boat at the dock. Last week Dashel went down for not payin rent on a limo now we have no health care Zaar. The week before we dealth with 2% Porkey the Pig. This is not a time to tax Taxes on money we invested to create credit. What will it be O God forbid if Michele splurges and buys new dishes for the white House. Yes we Can.    
So what is there to negotiate? The ACA is the law of the land. What you and the R's are saying is "if you don't give me your money, you are provoking me to shoot you and if I do you will me responsible for you murder".<br/>You obviously have on idea what this is about.
With all due respect, this is a bogus comment. First, if you have healthcare through your employer you are considered covered. Next, there are no fines of 9.5% if you do not have healthcare. This is more misinformation put out by the Republicans.<br/><br/><a href="http://www.healthcare.gov" title="www.healthcare.gov" target="_blank">www.healthcare.gov</a>   --for accurate information
I am reminded of the scene of great rejoicing ,in Gone With the Wind" when the news of the firing on Ft. Sumter brought great rejoicing. We all know how that turned out.
To Robert Brown<br/>Nothing is going to stop the ACA. It will start , on schedule , on Tuesday, Oct. 1.That's the pity of this entire charade-- people like you have been bilked by the Republicans. If the shutdown continues and the government defaults due to the Republican's reckless behavior, there will be negative consequences for them.<br/>" Most Americans are rejoicing..."? Hogwash.
Mr. Culbertson said it all " Like 9/11, let's roll". It is a mockery to suggest that his actions are akin to those who attempted to thwart the hijacking.
To Know It All-<br/><br/>So we either get rid of the ACA or we shut the govt. down or we don't raise the debt ceiling. Why do we need elections? Why pass law?. Let's just propose an alternate course of action, at the last minute, after many votes to defund a law that has already been funded. Let's not forget to throw in the Republican economic platform of 2012 into the mix-- Obama needs to be reasonable, and he should accept what the R's want and, if he doesn't--well, he's pigheaded.<br/>I am reminded of what Lincoln said in 1859 at a speech at the Coopers Union. The South had said that they would secede  if a Republican were elected. The South had threatened to secede on other issues, also enumerated in that speech. Lincoln made the analogy that the South's position was like  a highwayman who says that if you are shot because you refuse to hand over your money, you will be at fault, not him. Judging from the comments of reasonable people , it's easy to see why extortion works.
To Andrea E<br/>What specific questions have not been answered? 
What, exactly, are the lies.? Most of the misinformation comes from articles like this. R's continue to fabricate "fact" like this article and her reference, for example, to Avik Roy's so-called figures.
More right wing talking points without a shred of evidence. I always wonder how such nonsense gets past the moderator when my nonsense doesn't.
Perhaps governments around the world could emulate the US Congress for non-partisanship. We certainly don't spend " precious time and resources on public relations to convince people through misinformation and misdirection to be ignorant" of laws.
   I thoroughly enjoyed Mr. De Martino's article on Sicilian  politics. Sicily , unfortunately will not change, sine the system of corruption  appears to be too ingrained. We are talking about a couple of hundred years of Mafia influence. My grandparents were born in Sicily and I have made five visits. I have always felt safe there and have never been threatened in any manner.<br/>   There was an incident in Palermo the last time my wife and I were there. About four or five people, two were handicapped , refused to allow traffic to move at an important intersection, near the train station. Traffic was held up for over an hour and a melee ensued between two of the traffic stoppers and a motorist.<br/>The motorist was beaten as his wife screamed "they are killing him". He jumped back into his car. The police, on the scene did nothing to help the man or to get the traffic moving again. My understanding was that these people wanted payment to allow traffic to move again.<br/>   The incident is reflective of the problems that face Mr. Crocetta since most on lookers just shrugged their shoulders, indicating that this is the behavior expected from the police.<br/>   I love Sicily and will return this Spring.
Have you ever noticed how many professional athletes who command a high salary whine when the are subject to criticism about there performance? They just don't get the respect that they deserve.
$31 million per year figures to be about $300,000 per RBI or about $ 3 million per home run. I don't blame him for trying to get as much as he can, it's called capitalism. The issue is whether anyone is dumb enough to pay him that much.
What exactly do the critics of this agreement think we should do? We could always go to war so that we can have peace.
Munich indeed. Seems like many of those commenting need a history lesson. Also, it's always interesting to see those who want to do" something more" to Assad, but when Americans are asked their response is to stay out of it. We have had several apples out of that bag and that is quite enough , thank you.
   What a misleading article. Ms. Turner quotes Avik Roy's article as the basis for her assertion that rates will increase "97 to 99 percent for men and and for younger women by an average of 55 to 62 percent." As Paul Krugman and Ezra Klein and others have pointed out, Roy's figures are bogus. Klein points out that not only is Roy comparing apples and oranges, he's comparing " oranges that you cannot even buy.<br/>   Next, in paragraph six, Ms. Turner says that the subsidies will be paid for by higher taxes and higher deficits. What about the benefits gained through lower health costs?<br/>   Finally, Ms. Turner uses a series of talking points used by Conservatives without citing her sources.<br/>   Will there be glitches in the program? Of course. Will they be addressed? Certainly. Ms. Turner is arguing that there should a delay to address such issues. Why haven't the Republicans addressed these issues in the past? The reason is evident--they are in favor of repeal and not improvement. We had an election that focused on healthcare and we know  how that turned out. 
     I am amazed to read this column in the NY Times. First, she cites a work by Avic Roy as for the basis of her contention that Obamacare costs will be higher than those projected by the CBO. Ezra Klein generally refutes the argument made by Mr. Roy in a face to face meeting with him. Next, Ms. Turner states that subsidies aren't free and that they are a dead weight on the economy. Not exactly, if health costs go down the more money will be available to spend in the marketplace. Last, of course there are going to be glitches and these will be addressed as the program moves forward. Ms. Turner can't resist adding Republican talking points about millions of employers cutting hours when facts don't match her rhetoric.<br/>     We had an election and among the important issues was Obamacare --and we know who won that.
To Mr. David H Eisenberg<br/><br/>I agree with you. I find that, as you read the commenters about this article and about what we should do, many have a axe to grind , have a conspiracy theory readily available or affix blame based on ideology.
Let's see--- Morsi is elected in Egypt in ,apparently, free elections  However, he is dumped by the military and this is a good thing because it is better to dump those who are duly elected because a military regime is the lesser of two evils. It seems like only those regimes whom we favor should be allowed to exist rather than those who are elected.
I would think that the term "moderate rebel" is an oxymoron.
President Obama did the right thing in not sending arms to the Syrian rebels and that decision was proven to be correct based on this article. To say that "Obama and Co. " is responsible for the extremists  is simplistic and an exaggeration. I am reminded of the 1950's when President Eisenhower refrained from giving Hungarian rebels support against the USSR. He was criticized in this country by zealots who thought that we should have become more involved.
Exactly which leadership did you have confidence in and when?
To Jp<br/>How do you know that it is a disaster since it has not been fully implemented?
I did not know that  problems in the ME started in 2009 . Apparently, everything was going great until President Obama took over. It's obviously his fault that he extended a hand to Rouhani  who snubbed the President. Also, how dare President Obama not bomb Syria and work with the Russians to get control of Syrian chemical weapons. Don't we understand that trying to work with people leads to nowhere. We need more of" you are either with us or against us" thinking and  react accordingly . I wonder what Ms. Dowd proposes that we do - since she knows what we shouldn't do.  
Exactly .Most  have forgotten how our invasion of Iraq was going to lead to a democracy in the center of the region which would reduces the influence of Iran and we would be greeted  as liberators. Mencken said something to the effect that no one ever won a bet by betting on the intelligence of the American people. How quickly we forget how we got here .
Most intelligent, hard working, news-accuracy confirming voters realize by now that Obamas legacy will be a sad one.  Here was a perfect, once in a lifetime opportunity for Blacks in America to do MLK proud by helping elect as Americas first black President, one who would bring our country together.  <br/><br/>Instead, since his election in 2008, the first black ever to serve in the highest office in our land has tragically divided our nation along political, racial, class and gender lines.  In 2012, this individual, with a slick tongue was re-elected, not by the Caucasian majority, who had apathetically turned their backs on the voting booths, but instead by those on food stamps and those Blacks who apparently really didnt care about the future of the country, as long as one of them was back in. <br/><br/>What a missed opportunity!  Given his legacy, and the damage he has done to our nation, and its place on the World stage, I doubt there will be another Black elected to the Office of the President for many, many generations to come. I really feel he has tarnished his race, and the wonderful legacy left by MLK.
What better indicator that the U.S. is in serious decline as a political, economic and military power than events that have evolved over the past 5 years.  And clearly, the rate of decline has now started to accelerate. Unfortunately narcissism amongst the politically elite , and naivety within the voting public have blinded America, much as events in Roman times foreshadowed the fall of their empire.<br/><br/>As a Canadian, with many American friends, it saddens me to see the rapid deterioration of a once great country.  Here we are a resource based economy, and are already looking East and West for new partnerships.<br/><br/>20  30 years ago few of us living in our global community would have predicted the accelerating collapse of the American way of life.
As a Canadian I have to chuckle when I see the U.S. politically elite thumping their chests about taking the moral high ground, and being the worlds guardian of morals, values and ethics.<br/><br/>The current U.S. political structure has to be the most corrupt in the world today.<br/><br/>And a final note.  The U.S. has not won a war since it participated with the Allies in WW2.  You lost in Korea, Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan, Egypt, Libya, and you will lose in Syria.  You should be ashamed of yourselves.  The outside world has, in 5 short years, lost all respect for America.  You voted for this dolt who leads you.  Now you deserve what you get.  
OK it's now dead.  Move on with more important matters.  The Constitution has survived another attack.
OK it's now dead.  Move on with more important matters.  The Constitution has survived another attack.
The truth hurts!  Americans have to make a choice between FREE HANDOUTS ... and FREEDOM.<br/><br/>Once these entitlement types, backed by the left-wing AARP and media get a taste of the Soviet era life, they may finally wake up.  But by then it will be too late.
The truth hurts!  At least Gov. Romney can be trusted. The problem is that the sheep of the democratic regime cannot stand the truth!
The truth hurts!  Americans have to make a choice between FREE HANDOUTS ... and FREEDOM.<br/><br/>Once these entitlement types get a taste of the Soviet era life, they may finally wake up.  But by then it will be too late.
He'll likely take it from the policemens' union fund.  Isn't that the Chicago way?
I could not expect a better team to lead America during these tough times than Romney and Ryan.  What a race to come! What a great year!  Finally a breath of fresh air.<br/><br/>America has a choice now.  Whether we want the next four to mirror the last four, or whether we want to return to a positive, united, and prosperous nation.<br/><br/>The electors will decide their future in Nov.  I sure hope they make the right choice.
I could not expect a better team to lead America during these tough times than Romney and Ryan.  What a race to come! What a great year!  Finally a breath of fresh air.<br/><br/>America has a choice now.  Whether we want the next four to mirror the last four, or whether we want to return to a positive, united, and prosperous nation.<br/><br/>The electors will decide their future in Nov.  I sure hope they make the right choice.
As we say in hockey ..."No guts, no glory".  that's why Romney has been a successful leader in business, and will make a great President. <br/><br/>Obama lacks both!  
What a class act. Pres. Bush knows that if he were to attend, the Democratic zealots would twist the occasion just as they twist everything else. Past democratic presidents lack that class. <br/><br/>You can bet however that he fully supports President-to-be Romney, and will assist in whatever ways he can.... behind the scenes. Sure would be nice if certain previous Presidents had the same class.
Your "News" article title suggests sadly that blacks don't have the ability to choose the best candidate, but instead are like sheep, easily led.<br/><br/>There are many of us who blindly supported Obama in 2008, admittedly because he was a brother.  Now I'm embarrassed that we may well have set back all the progress that we've  worked so hard to improve on over the past 50 years.  <br/><br/>His term in office will go down in history as a major disappointment, and sadly I won't likely see another brother in the Oval Office before my time has passed.   No wonder race relations here are in such a mess.
My suggestion is to:<br/><br/>1] eliminate the dividend tax credit, and<br/>
2] tax capital gains at the marginal tax rate<br/><br/>That would shut Buffett up real fast.  He doesn't take a salary but instead is paid dividends and given options.  No wonder he has a lower tax rate than his secretary.<br/><br/>In addition:<br/><br/>3] implement a progressive VAT, with the only exemptions being zero tax on food (purchased at the supermarket), minimum tax on purchased meals under say $25 per person (that makes fast food affordable for families)<br/><br/>4] cut the mortgage interest tax deductibility immediately to 50%, and eventually to 20%
It is one thing for a person to see your face in public -- there is no expectation of privacy.<br/><br/>It is another thing for a person to trail you around recording your every move every day -- that is stalking.<br/><br/>It is one thing for a person to see the address (meta data) on the outside of a envelope of a single piece of mail -- there is no expectation of privacy.<br/><br/>It is another thing for a person to be recording and saving the addresses on every single piece of mail we send and receive -- that is stalking.<br/><br/>Somehow judges do not see to understand that the public wants things that are legal when done incidentally made illegal when it becomes someone's or some agency's paranoid obsession.
LT says, "So we want our spy agencies to spy but get all upset when we find out that they're doing it."<br/><br/>You want our soldiers to kill, but would you not be upset if they killed innocent Americans and innocent foreigners?<br/><br/>It is the same thing.
It didn't have anything on me, so no <a href="http://pipl.com" title="pipl.com" target="_blank">pipl.com</a> has less on us than the NSA.<br/><br/>More to the point, <a href="http://pipl.com" title="pipl.com" target="_blank">pipl.com</a> is not going to subject me to a signature drone strike or put me on a no-fly list.
Yes, unless you live under a rock and have no friends you have only yourself to blame for the NSA knowing stuff about you.<br/><br/>"Everything on your iphone is known by apple. Everything on your Facebook is known by Facebook. Everything on Gmail is known by Google."<br/><br/>But Apple, Google and Facebook haven't killed anyone with signature drone strikes driven by metadata.<br/><br/>You might be horrified at the thought of getting advertising on products you are interested in, but I like it.<br/><br/>But when I said I liked it I did not mean, "Share it with the NSA and foreign intelligence agencies."
To those who say, "if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear" please post the itinerary for your 5 year-old daughter next week.<br/><br/>Give your husband a list of everything you've said about him to your best friend.<br/><br/>Give your employer the browsing history of your 16 year-old son or daughter.<br/><br/>Yes, only those without a life have nothing to hide.<br/><br/>The rest of us have plenty of things that spies can use to blackmail us.
The big risk I see is that the NSA will gather information on current and future political, business, academic, scientific, religious and journalistic leaders.  These people do not lead dull boring lives.<br/><br/>If it is true that all of NSAs work has a foreign intelligence purpose and is "centered on counterterrorism, counterproliferation and cybersecurity" why are so many people in Congress acting like they're so fearful of the NSA, acting so deferential as if the NSA has something on them?
Note the code names, Bullrun and Edgewater, are names of US and UK civil war battles.<br/><br/>I think that is pretty much an admission that these spy agencies are targeting their fellow citizens and the political, business and academic leaders of their fellow citizens.<br/><br/>I feel we are going to see the Putinization of America, where the main business and political leaders are increasingly ex-CIA and ex-NSA.
Including gun ownership, meaning the NSA has created something that could easily be converted into a detailed gun registry on US citizens and US residents.  The admit interrogating it for words like pressure cookers and email addresses, they could just as easily interrogate on names of guns, titles of books, anything.
Consider the gun registry and gun control aspects of NSA surveillance.<br/><br/>Many Americans have trouble going from the theory of surveillance to how NSA surveillance affects them.  If they did nothing wrong, what do they have to worry about?<br/><br/>So give them the practical example of guns, gun registration, and gun control.  <br/><br/>That is something many understand and care about.<br/><br/>A national gun database is the natural sub-product of the data gathered by NSA surveillance.  The NSA can search on gun model numbers and keywords like shooting and hunting just as easily as any other words.<br/><br/>The NSA data creates a fairly accurate and complete searchable "national registry of everything", including gun ownership, gun location and gun use.<br/><br/>If you don't mention your guns online, your friends may, and that is enough.<br/><br/>The government does not need a special gun registry, the NSA is creating a registry of everything.<br/><br/>Books, movies, hobbies, guns, technologically the NSA can interrogate their database on anything.
The meaning of words with multiple definitions comes from context.  That is how it works in the English language.<br/><br/>When you connect the words "target" and "no" in answering a question that asks whether the agency listened to the phone calls or read the e-mails and text messages of American citizens with the word target you are implicitly using a definition of target that means sender or receiver of emails.<br/><br/>Sure, in some other context target might mean something else, like concentric red rings on a white background, but that was not the context in which the answer was given.<br/><br/>The NSA just keeps lying.
I think a lot of Americans are having trouble going from the theory of surveillance into what it means for them in their lives.  Why should they worry?  How does it affect them?<br/><br/>Give them the practical example of guns and how the NSA is able to deduce who owns guns, how many guns, how they are stored, when and where they are generally used, using cellphone metadata, using email messages, using Facebook shares, and so on.  If you don't mention them, your friends may, and that is enough.<br/><br/>The government does not need a voluntary or compulsory gun registry.<br/><br/>A national gun registry is the natural outcome of the data gathered by NSA surveillance.  That data creates, or could create at a moment's notice, a fairly accurate and complete searchable national gun registry for the federal government to find who owns what guns and where they keep them.<br/><br/>The NSA surveillance makes possible registries of a lot more too, religious and political beliefs, occupations, friends, business relationships, sleeping habits, hobbies, extra-marital affairs, donations, scams, gambling habits, drinking habits, jokes, movies seen, books read -- you name it, anything you talk about on the phone or on the web, or anything people say about you on the phone or on the web, it is all out there for global collection.<br/><br/>It also makes possible stealing secrets from one business to give to another.<br/><br/>But the gun registry aspect is all that many people will care about.
So you are with me in supporting Snowden as a hero and patriot?<br/><br/>If you support the NSA you support and endorse "the inexorable march of government into every avenue of citizen affairs and private life."
You left out subsidizing banks, the GOP was eager to bail out Wall St.<br/><br/>The law enforcement and justice industry's immense cash cow, "The War on Drugs", the GOP likes that too.<br/><br/>Basically any group with the money to buy their votes through campaign contributions.
The rules need to be changed and a time limit placed on filibusters so that they can delay but not prevent majority rule.<br/><br/>Perhaps a 30 day delay for any filibustered legislation, after which majority rule would apply.<br/><br/>And if Democrats are unable to get the rule change passed, they should do to Republicans what Republicans did to Democrats.  Yes, in the short run this may seem childish, but in the long run it is the necessary adult thing to do, because the current rules are destroying the USA's position in the world.
India, Ecuador, Venezuela and so on need to be aware that there is the US government, a bunch of people who come and go, and then there are the American people who aren't going anywhere.<br/><br/>Snowden is the USA's Tienanmen Square Tank Guy.  He broke the law but he is our hero.<br/><br/>He defied the bureaucracy to defend his nation's constitution and its people.<br/><br/>Siding against Snowden is like siding against Mandela -- diplomatically good in the short run because it gets you favor with the current government -- diplomatically bad in the long run because it angers the nation's people.
That was true of real slavery too.  But it was resolved in the end.<br/><br/>The middle class needs this and any elected official who opposes it is engaged in a war on the middle class.
I hope so.  You'd let someone into your house not knowing who he is?
E-Verify sounds like an excellent idea.  <br/><br/>Sure, employers who use illegal immigrants are going to complain about, obviously.  It means the end of the cheap slave labour they're addicted to.  But so what?  That level of greed is a vice not a virtue.<br/><br/>The important thing will be to ensure that paper work errors can be quickly fixed.  That should be easy enough to do with birth certificates, naturalization certificates and income tax records.
Exactly, this system can only survey ordinary people who are not expecting it.<br/><br/>It won't be effective against organized enemies of the USA.
The terrorists and enemy spies know they're subject to surveillance and take steps to prevent interception.<br/><br/>Which is why at least one of the cases the General he cracked with Prism was actually cracked by Scotland Yard using good old fashion conventional policing tactics (see Guardian.co.uk story).<br/><br/>So the surveillance is after people not hiding what they are doing, which would be ordinary US and allied foreign citizens.<br/><br/>This isn't about terrorists.  This is about the US Constitution and the 4th amendment.
You say you have nothing to hide?<br/><br/>And yet we have records from 10 years ago, back in 2013, that you regularly posted on the dissident website nytimes.com.<br/><br/>Also you sent text messages to people who frequently visited the insurgent website wired.com.<br/><br/>There is also the matter of the car you drive, that un-American Honda.  Your fourth un-American automobile.<br/><br/>Plus didn't you make a trip to Paris in 2015?  You stayed at the same hotel as EU government agents [employees].<br/><br/>It looks to me like you have a great deal to hide.
European commission's vice-president, Viviane Reding is asking US Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. these seven questions.<br/><br/>The answers to these questions will determine whether EU businesses will be able to store customer data on US-based systems.<br/><br/>1. Are Prism and other similar programmes aimed only at the data of US citizens and residents, or also  even primarily  at non-US nationals, including EU citizens?<br/><br/>2. Is access to, collection of or processing of data on the basis of Prism and other programmes  limited to specific and individual cases, and if so what criteria are applied?<br/><br/>3. Is the data of individuals accessed, collected or processed in bulk (or on a very wide scale, without justification relating to specific individual cases) either regularly or occasionally?<br/><br/>4. Is the scope of these programmes restricted to national security or foreign intelligence or is it broader?<br/><br/>5. What avenues, judicial or administrative, are available to companies in the US or the EU to challenge access to, collection of and processing of data under Prism or other programmes?<br/><br/>6.  What avenues are available to EU citizens to be told if they are affected by Prism or other similar programmes and how do they compare with those available to US citizens?<br/><br/>7. What avenues are available to EU citizens or companies to challenge access to, collection of and processing of their personal data under Prism and similar programmes, and how does that compare with the rights of US citizens?
So what is a good replacement for gmail and google, yahoo, hotmail, iCloud and Facebook for those of us who don't live in the USA and whose human rights are not covered by the US Constitution?<br/><br/>Universal NSA surveillance of us doesn't require a search warrant, not even when message contents are examined.<br/><br/>Obviously this continuing situation, which shows no signs of change, means that US companies are unsuitable web service providers for residents and citizens of the USA's NORAD and NATO partners.
Unfortunately the founding fathers did not include back people among humans with inalienable rights.<br/><br/>That was later fixed.<br/><br/>They didn't consider foreigners in foreign lands human either.  <br/><br/>Probably the founding fathers never conceived that any government could have the power to violate the human rights of 95% of humanity.<br/><br/>Rightly, foreigners don't get the right to vote or to immigrate to the USA.  <br/><br/>But we do have basic human rights because we are just as human as US citizens.  <br/><br/>A right you grant yourselves that you do not grant us is a right you do not regard as a human right.
Liberal way?  <br/><br/>Lying is neither a left-wing nor a right-wing trait.  Politicians from the ultra left-wing communist states lie.  Dictators from ultra right-wing dictatorships lie.  Middle of the road politicians lie too.<br/><br/>Lying is not on the left- right-wing axis.  Lying is on the honest-deceitful axis.  
How is this not a overt recipe for BLACKMAIL???  Seems one has NO right to privacy on any form of electronic media in this Land of the FREE????
The U.S. is "special" those Brazilians should just recognize how exceptional we are and be thankful that we are here to "protect" them. Ha!
Take it from a Professor.  Universities are business's - period.  When you recruit a super smart/motivated kid to your school; you are placing a long term BET that said kid will become a physician, captain of industry or Senator.  Schools figured out a long time ago that one super rich alumnus is worth a thousand regular folks. Welcome to the New "U"!  
The Temple Mount is the holiest place on earth. It should be open to all people without constraint.  The Palestinians have a lot of nerve preventing Christians and Jews from peacefully worshiping on this Holy site. If they want peace- they need to grow up.
If the ONLY reason you have for going to college is "what am I going to make" please do me a favor (Research I Prof. for 35 years)  don't go.
Well said- I agree with you 100%. However you seem to be quite naive about the military industrial complex who runs our country. They must be royally PO'd with Puti- suing for PEACE. OMG!
The commercial prison business is not going to like this. Heck- its good business to incarcerate a 19 year old for a few years for smoking the killer weed!
I am a Professor with 35 years of tenure. Bottom line - MOOC's are TRAINING- they have nothing to do with EDUCATION----- period.
Throughout the Middle East- might makes right.  Just ask Israel. They learned that their neighbors have no desire to talk- a sign of weakness.  Kill a few thousand and peace reigns.  Pretty sad huh?
Not a good idea Tamar.  DDT is cheap and effective- HOWEVER- it is one of the most persistent - biomagnifying organic chemicals ever invented. It may kill the mosquito's today- but it will kill you tomorrow.
I go to the deep Amazon annually.  I take Lariam. Some say it gives you weird dreams- I usually get an upset stomach. BUT- I never got malaria even when eaten by the anaphales mosquito.  Unless CDC can assure me that another drug will prevent this horrific disease- I will stick with Lariam.
OK so where does this end?  Universal guilt by association? Seems that our civil liberties are a thing of the past--------the road to the end of our nation. Nero fiddles while Rome burns?
Jeff Bezos-------the world is your cherry to pick!  You are a genius!
U.S. Toxic Imperialism.  Free Trade-Globalization means send our toxic garbage to third world countries and let them deal with the health and ecological consequences.  Unethical and immoral- period.
According the the World Health Organization the total number of deaths attributable to illegal drug overdose is approximately 59,000 per year.  Deaths from acute pesticide exposure exceeds  220,000 per year with an additional 6 million+ hospitalizations.  We must do a better job in regulating pesticides and monitoring the food supply.
And- let us hope they are not on the Sotheby's auction block after having being looted several years from now.
Clearly the one way trip to Mars is a better idea.  Its cheap and you already know the outcome!  I registered!
Most obviously a fossilized Velociraptor Dino Egg!!!!!!
Physicians and scientists are not "recruited."  Individuals must be brilliant, highly motivated and willing to be an indentured servant for more than a decade to qualify for such careers. No one is preventing anyone from any race or economic class from making the commitment.  Affirmative action can only go so far.
Umm? This is illegal based on all international law- so we are bragging about their nefarious, unethical and depraved prowess??
Bravo Doc. Could not have said it better myself.
Essay's, SAT's, AP extra grade point classes---- all meaningless. I have taught over 25,000 undergraduate students over the past 35 years. Give me a no holds barred 15 min. interview with a prospective student, and I will tell you with great confidence whether or not this student will be a successful leader. All the rest of it is a ruse.
Oh Please- they are cutting the price of the HPV vaccine because they can't sell enough of it here. The stockpiles are probably clogging up the warehouse. Follow the dollar folks!
Ahhh- the good ole days!  Each nations team should fight to the death- the winning team gets to pillage and plunder the losers country. Far more simple and less costly than thermonuclear war.
Seems that many of the comments support the idea that "serious archaeologists" have legitimately obtained and studies antiquities and turned them over to the great museums- Ummmm Hello-  those artifacts came from FOREIGN countries- i.e. the patrimony of that country- right??  Ex Post Facto- ALL ANTIQUITIES ARE EITHER LOOTED OR STOLEN.  Should we close down the Met because it houses thousands of Egyptian mummies, sarcophagi and sculptures???
