War is dirty business. Those who "play by the rules" lose. There are always innocent people who are hurt and killed in all sorts of ways, most of which never see the light of day. What about Obama's promise to close Guantanamo? Why has Atty General Holder all of a sudden stopped pushing for granting constitutional rights to enemies of war? Most enemies of war are shot or otherwise disposed of on the battle field. Should we read our enemies their Miranda rights before firing a rifle or lobbing a grenade at them?The decline of America began long before Guantanamo and has nothing at all to do with playing fair in war. The US would have lost WWI and WWII had we played by the rules.As far as all this supposed "journalism" uncovering the "true" story of Guantanamo: We don't require that our enemies love us. We need them to fear us. They don't anymore, which is one reason 911 occurred to begin with.
Only the religious right could scare-monger the public with the specter of Shariah Law and, at the same time, argue that there should be no separation between religion and government. What flim flam.
Amen, amen, and amen!
The party that controls the electronic voting machines controls the outcome.
This court does not deserve our respect and much less our trust. Something HAS to be done. Clarence Thomas and his wife have been openly "purchased" by the economic elites- much like most of our "elected representatives" have been. The idealism and reason of our founding fathers as well as all the men and women who have fought for our liberal democracy are being desecrated.
And citizens. Republicans absolutely hate American citizens.
#1, you left out the following reasons for the shortage of hangmen (or hangPERSONS, to be politically correct); corporate greed, Big Oil, climate change, and Sarah Palin's web site.
I guess the guy wants to be sure that he lunches only with his white cronies and the slaves are kept in the kitchen. Kentucky can keep him but please do not unleash him on the rest of us.
Hillary is too much a principled hawk, and least to understand wider issues to be considered as President. Gifted yes, but not in this role.
Remember that Al Gore said that the sea level would have raised by 20 feet by now. You must follow the money, and the money behind all of this scientific mumbo jumbo comes from Siemens a.g. and GE, the two companies that would profit the most if the US tries to limit CO2 emissions.
This thing primarily seems to be a punitive jihad against Wall Street by the same small-minded imams who brought us the stimulus and health care bills. The common thread is that they all largely miss the big-picture structural point, presumably because the administration and Congressional leadership is pandering to Democratic constituencies. Financial reform that doesn't mention Fannie and Freddie, whose problems collectively dwarf most of the silly issues addressed in this bill? Gimme a break.This country really does deserve better than these people. They are unwisely tampering with things they don't understand, largely for political reasons, and the risks associated with potential unintended consequences are really starting to stack up.
Steal? Didn't the Chinese Communists ISSUE the NY Times staff their passwords?Remember Walter Duranty?
Pretty thin gruel, even for the Rove types.Seems more a pathetic out of touch stretch than a fruitful strategy.It invites the public to draw comparisons between the missteps in Benghazi by the Obama administration, and the tragic serial incompetence by the Bush administration in the middle east, if anyone still remembers what is considered to be ancient history. That's high risk when you no longer have as much capacity to "create reality" for the public. But yes,sadly, it will resonate with plenty of people.
Any GOP clown calling Obama an elitist cannot be taken seriously. Underneath the absurd GOP resistance to Anything Obama is an ugly racism, not even thinly disguised.
The ultimate religious insanity group.
EEK - I don't get it - hooks and cheeks?HYPNOTIZED was one of the last to go, because I finally remembered TERZA RIMA. Great clue ("open to suggestion," I mean, but I always like a little Dante in my puzzles, too)! I was fooled once again by "summers" - never again, she said. . .I agree about HIT OR MISTY - wonderful! Especially because I got it on my own.I had EASE for 11D, but it had to go when another for-sure EASE turned up. So 11D is empty right now. Hope it comes later. . .I still have some holes esp in the NE, but the rest went pretty well, once I got into the swing of it.This was really hard work for me, but a lot of fun.
Well, the Princeton elite certainly live in a world different from those of us who have jobs. This is from the same man who thinks that having the government prescribe the details of your health insurance policy (including details that destroy its value as insurance, that is, something that manages risk) is a good idea.The "fatal conceit" of the "progressive" is to believe that they know that $1.4 trillion in debt is the "right size" for a "stimulus", not $1.2 trillion. That an elite technocracy can stand above it all, pushing just the right levers and buttons to dictate the lives of the proletariat, for "our own good", of course (but conveniently allowing the pundit class to "do very well").Of course, "progressive" government has failed in Greece. In most of the European social democracies, in fact, including Sweden (with 17% real unemployment). And in Japan. And China. And Cuba. Krugman admits the failure in Cuba, Japan and China. Not in Sweden or Greece (he thinks that their mistake was not giving the "progressive" government control over the currency so they could bail themselves out by stealing resources from those who worked and saved).And now we learn that "progressives" have psychological angst, of the Woody Allen type.You acolytes want THIS man to run your health insurance, have access to your medical records on line, and determine 50% of the economy.Or perhaps you think there is someone out there more brilliant and less psychologically damaged than Paul Krugman who will govern your utopian, Rawlesian, progressive, moral, perfect state?I am not even going to bother to call out the Minutemen (and women) on this one.
"We are to believe that Southern independence did not depend on slavery, I suppose?" *That* is precisely what Davis was saying in *1864*. Sesquicentennial historians commonly extend Lincoln the privilege of changing his War aims, but not Davis. It is fallacious and hypocritical, but conforms to their prejudicial agenda.Furthermore, the tax imposed on white and black cotton *producers* toward the end of the War and extending into reconstruction, is undeniable evidence of Yankee greed for economic dominance. That tax *alone* provided more money than the Federal government spent on southern reconstruction in all forms including aid for freedmen.
Hey, don't you know that Republicans aren't ALLOWED to speak their minds?
With information obtained through morally repugnant enhanced interrogation techniques (including water boarding) in foreign Rendition Prisons and at Guantanamo Bay and Intel gathered from illegal wiretaps, the President of the United States ordered the military invasion of an ally and the execution of an unarmed foreign national male and female (among others) without reading them their Miranda Rights. Enough of this rogue Cowboy Diplomacy that takes a page from the television show 24. The president should be tried a War Criminal! Oh wait, this was Obama? What a bold, brilliant tactic!
We're GOING to have forced sterilizations. No question of it. It's just a matter of whether we will take these measures while we still have a chance of surviving or after it is already too late to halt the inevitable.
"The answer is yes, but" Sure but only if they are Muslim "Americans" bent on subverting and destroying our western. Christian, society.

