The Republicans are "downright giddy"? Their actions prompted "cheers and chants" among them? They sport "beaming grins"?<br/>Shameful. Tragic.<br/>This has nothing to do with what is best for Americans. It has everything to do with the Republicans' sustained attack on the elderly, the poor, the middle-class, and the President. 
Ted Cruz is no Wendy Davis. But I urge him to keep up the histrionics. Eventually, even his supporters will realize that he's just a loose cannon who has enjoyed more than his 15 minutes of fame. Buh bye ...
To leave messages with children, spouses, and on answering machines as Mr. Copeland and Mr. Hjort do after being rejected is wrong, wrong, wrong. Conscience cannot be forced. Having been married to a Vietnam veteran for many years and then divorced, I can assure you that these households live with issues stemming from Vietnam and no one needs to add to them. It is a personal choice of the veteran whether or not he wants to make contact. That Mr. Copeland did is his business and the price he is paying is his to endure. There is obviously much behind his story. How can he presume to know what's best for another family? 
Some of these comments make me cringe. Do only owners of "complicated" rescue dogs understand? I very much enjoyed -- and appreciated -- your essay. As I sit here typing with my old Mol lolling next to me on one of her multiple memory foam beds (provided by my second husband, who didn't want her old bones resting on our tile floors -- and why didn't I think of that?) that are strewn around the house, I am reminded of the many times I/we tried to socialize her. In the end, she always has preferred our sunny deck and the safety of our fenced yard. Like you and Chance, Mol and I are aging together. It's bittersweet -- your eloquent essay captures the experience very well. Thank you.
Several years ago before my mom passed we were cleaning out some of her drawers and she found a booklet she received when she was in high school (public, circa 1930s). It was a manual for young ladies that included sex education, or whatever it was called then because there was little that would be considered educational in the booklet. Basically, it was filled with guilt directed at women. Pretty much everything a female thought about desire, let alone acted upon, was unseemly. I wonder how far we've come from that manual, given the current issues that face women today. 
Here's one for your blooper box, NYT: High school cafeterias don't have "chefs." (If they did, perhaps there'd be fewer dropouts.) And if his mother indeed was a chef, I doubt she'd have been working in a high school. That said, nice obit. 
Still another article detailing another attempt to define this complex educational issue and solve it with a simplistic fix. We began to lose this war when the business of education was taken out of the hands of educators and politicized. Class size matters ... and teacher quality matters ... and administration matters ... and district population matters ... and socioeconomic makeup matters ... and geographical location matters ... and a host of other issues individual to a school district matter. There is no one fix. There never will be. And until politicians get out of our schools and allow professional educators to do their jobs we are not going to solve the problems dealing with educating our children in the 21st century. 
I, too, taught TGG and am delighted to see people reading it, whatever cover they choose. Having taught Am. Lit. for years, I frequently dealt with students questioning the  "no happy ending" aspect of the literature they read. One year (early in my teaching career), I provided, quite inadvertently, a moment of levity in class when I attempted to draw on the board a visual representation of East Egg, West Egg, and the bay in between. You can guess the result. Needless to say, for the next several years students "innocently" asked me to draw the map. I declined. (There's a reason I taught literature and not art.)
I agree with Ms. Haas and Ms. Maisch: Shame on all of them. If 90% of the citizens in this country want a change in the gun laws, then 90% should be voting these spineless, ineffective so-called "representatives" of ours out of office. 
I agree with Ms. Haas and Ms. Maisch: Shame on all of them. If 90% of the citizens in this country want a change in the gun laws, then 90% should be voting these spineless, ineffective so-called "representatives" of ours out of office. 
I'm in my 60s and have been active in sports all of my life. I also happen to have arthritis and severe scoliosis, likely genetically linked considering my mother was a human pretzel the last decade of her life. I work hard to maintain my back and my joints and I am ecstatic that there are a variety of alternatives to living with and caving in to pain. I will continue to pursue all avenues that will keep me viable. Please don't minimize this problem. 
Sadness, yes; Her passing takes us back to that time and place when our whole lives were in front of us, limitless and golden. Ah, those blissful days! 
It's important for women to know they have a choice. And I wonder about any doctor performing a surgery knowing that there is perhaps another option for his/her patient that would be more effective. 
Furlough the Republican Congress. They don't want to work toward a solution? They shouldn't work at all. <br/><br/>See what it's like to lose your jobs rather than playing politics with the livelihood of others. Sickening. 
Correct, jwm; Bob from Ohio, there are many in Texas who are not of this ilk and who worked hard for area dems and the President. We fight on to make Texas blue. 
How did he get elected? He's from Texas, that's how. (Check out another Texas newcomer who is equally intransigent, arrogant, etc., DR. Donna Campbell.) With any luck, Cruz will go the way of the Siberian meteorite: Make a big boom, flash a big light, do some damage, and leave a big mess -- but quickly. A mess no one wants to have to clean up, but everybody is relieved is over. 
I was tested for celiac and do not have it but consider myself gluten-sensitive. That said, I am taking a common sense approach to my diet. I avoid wheat, processed foods, and fast food and I do feel much better. My diet, when consisting of fruits, vegetables, fish, chicken, and occasionally beef, prepared simply, is quite easy to follow and doesn't have to be boring. Yes, I occasionally fall off the wagon, crave a piece of bread or pasta, and I pay for it by not feeling well for a while.<br/>
One thing I found after spending considerable time reading the backs of gluten-free products: they aren't necessarily healthy. Many are high in sodium and fat. And after trying a few of them, well, many taste pretty bad.<br/>
My advice if you're going gluten-free: It's not rocket science. Get creative with herbs and spices. Check out some recipes. There are many new cookbooks that showcase gluten free dishes. Changing your diet takes some work, but it's worth it in the end.
Time to throw yourself on the sword, Mr. Boehner. You're on borrowed time, anyway because we the people are going to throw all of those bums out in due time. 
Thank you for this walk down memory lane. I remember the days of schmaltz and Mogen David very well. Heart disease decimated my parents' and grandparents' generations and my generation has learned to cook accordingly. Your adapted recipes are very much appreciated. Still, a couple times a year, we cheat; Hanukkah just isn't Hanukkah without real latkes, fried in oil. It's one dish that I just can't bear to make "healthy". 
Thank you for creating a series that doesn't focus on sex, every week, every plot. Not to sound like a prude (I'm not), but I'm glad my kids are grown and I don't have to explain to them that TV sitcoms today aren't a reflection of life because people don't spend every waking moment of their day embroiled in a (hilarious?) sexual situation. TV use was always monitored and limited on weeknights; today I'd be tempted just to turn it off. Hey, that's pretty much what I've come to do anyway.
"While they still help me out financially ... I got a full scholarship to college, so I don't think that's unreasonable." <br/><br/>"...without them ridiculously projecting their fears onto me as Ms. Engel does to her adult son."<br/><br/>"... cynical older people ..." <br/><br/>"Helicoptering is still a privilege reserved for upper class people ..." <br/><br/>Oh, sweetie ... I hope you have the opportunity to re-read your comments in, say, 20-30 years or so. By then your belief in your own entitlement and your judgmental attitude likely will be altered by the life experiences that those of us down the road know will be somewhat different than what you expect them to be.  
Of course she'd be the ultimate candidate but 'know what? She deserves to take a rest (and we do, too!) and tell the country in her own time what her plans are. In the meantime, we'd all be better served to take her advice: choose our cards, play them to the best of our abilities, and then move on to the next hand. 
I don't imagine I'll hear anything new or inspiring from either candidate. And when all the dust settles and political commentators have finished their tedious and ultimately worthless "analyzing," both sides will claim victory. Blah blah blah. 
Another Repub who didn't "divulge his plans" ...  Scott Walker. Yes, we should be VERY wary of politicians who don't divulge plans.
Paul Ryan popping up from a gopher hole ... that one's gonna carry me through the day! 
One advantage of Obama is that he sees the complexity of issues and is tender to BOTH sides rather than pushing forth with an agenda that only increases the polarity and rift.<br/>
We are not in the eighteenth century: either we hold to a self righteousness and 'racist' agenda that demonizes the opposition or we open with a more sophisticated approach that sees and speaks to the complexity.<br/>
Evidence of the richness of the Obama approach is seen in the convention: in the Republican, primarily white speaking of their deep values in one 'God' which is theirs (Israel-Christian right) and in the Democratic, a rich diversity speaking to the poor and outcast, to the complexity.<br/>
God guide America, God bless the world.
Just reflects many American's ignorance of those different from themselves.  Either you engage with respectfully or you retreat to a smaller view which is in danger of distortion.  The 'other' bears all the projections.  There is no 'righteous' nation nor group.  We are all in this together.  
No human being should take on having such definite opinions on such a wide array.<br/>
The word becomes constructed and hence without potency and priority.
How can one look at the photo attached to this article and not say that part of the solution is a redistribution of wealth?  It is complex but when you have a guy like B. not looking at his own excess (and in his case depravity) as part of the problem then will we ever get anywhere?
Tell me a story about a great person who was not a success.  This is such an 'easy' story.  Will we ever break out of the box?  'A Good Pakistani'.   We are so America-centric.  Find me a story of 'A Good Pakistani' outside of 'my world'.  Crazy. 
Capitalism evolves and has a life cycle.  We are seeing the separations of rich and poor and the accepted norm of deception that becomes necessary in both tight competition and in preserving the status quo as it grows.<br/>
With this comes a necessity for growth and in particular new markets.  I do not see most countries imperialistically expanding as the US.  Putin's comment is extreme yet contains some truth in labeling us as 'parasites'.  We are the best of countries and the worst in that our exports in the form of media and non-necessary goods that come in creating demand are excessive and disrupt cultures dividing them in two.  We never admit this truth but demonize those who are against the 'expansion'.  In a world where GNP and Purchasing Power put one country over another again we are shortsighted.  Having lived in the third world (be it Iran or Africa), I have come to know that THEY have the solution.  Instead, we litter the airwaves that place us over them in position of 'pity' and 'paternalism' and so miss the other side.<br/>
America's and many Christians support of 'Israel' as a nation on one level is important, yet if we are simply aligning privilege and blindness with privilege and blindness then we contribute to the terrible tone of injustice that rings in our ears and makes our steps heavy.
At the grocery store, the lines are long at night at the self-check station.  Some employees are stretched, others are scratching themselves and walking in circles in the opposite direction.<br/><br/>If and when the government slashes spending, jobs will be lost and there will be more standing in the self checkout line or others stretched or scratching themselves.  One problem: there is little incentive or reward for good performance.  Others: legal issues prevent.  Another problem: there are many other problems among tending to or going in the opposite direction scratching.  I see great people everywhere so I do not worry.  
I have lived in Africa as an American for a total of four years out of my last fifteen years.  I tire of the West's sole focus on the African tragedy depicted in the starving and the war torn.  While this scope is part of the truth, this tragedy is trumped by the aliveness and faithful found in the African people.<br/>
This should be a century where we turn to them for their wisdom and community building. 
If only we could control the world with drones!
