You're right -- with Cruz, it is disingenuous demagoguery.  But because of powerful right-wing media and financial backers, he thinks he'll get away with it.   And guess what?  That's exactly what Hitler did, speaking of Nazis: <a href="http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/03/early-warnings-how-american-journalists-reported-the-rise-of-hitler/254146/" title="http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/03/early-warnings-how-american-journalists-reported-the-rise-of-hitler/254146/" target="_blank">http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/03/early-warnings-how-a...</a><br/>It is truly disturbing how often some right-wing politicians and pundits invoke the Nazis as a smokescreen to besmirch opponents (Cruz, Glenn Beck) when many of their political and rhetorical tactics to get power come straight from the Hitler/Goebbels propaganda playbook.  You can look it up: <a href="http://www.historians.org/projects/giroundtable/Propaganda/Propaganda1.htm" title="http://www.historians.org/projects/giroundtable/Propaganda/Propaganda1.htm" target="_blank">http://www.historians.org/projects/giroundtable/Propaganda/Propaganda1.htm</a>
The Tea Party members and their ilk are not "reactionary conservatives."  They are radical reactionaries.
WE have to lead the charge.  In addition to expressing our frustration in these comments, we have to write, email and call our elected representatives as relentlessly and as often as the NRA does.  We have to write to businesses and withhold our dollars, like the couple who described their letter to Walmart.  We have to stop acting like sheep in front of our screens and start acting like citizens.
How can you and other researchers publicize the hidden but massive costs imposed by inflexible workplace management so that managers learn to do better by their employees?  The short-term emphasis on benchmarks and cutting costs, at the longer-term expense of institutional health, employee wellbeing, customer service and societal balance is very destructive.
War is hell, both for combatants and for civilians caught up in it.  For another account of Civil War battle, by a young girl who lived through the three days of fighting at Gettysburg, see Tillie Pierce's account: <a href="http://digital.library.upenn.edu/women/alleman/gettysburg/gettysburg.html#III" title="http://digital.library.upenn.edu/women/alleman/gettysburg/gettysburg.html#III" target="_blank">http://digital.library.upenn.edu/women/alleman/gettysburg/gettysburg.htm...</a>
You have your facts wrong, especially your claim that these men are being tried "based on her say-so alone."  She didn't remember most of what happened; she found out because they and their friends were making comments about her on Twitter.  At least one of THEM told her he had had sex with her, although she was so drunk she could hardly stand and she may have been unconscious during at least some of what occurred. <br/><br/>The football players also broke several rules just by having this off-campus house, by hosting parties there, with all the under-age drinking, etc., which set the stage for this kind of assault.    How, then, are they not to be held responsible under your theory that she put herself in this position?  Assaulting an unconscious colleague is hardly what we have a right to expect from future military officers who are being educated at no cost to them but at huge taxpayer expense.  
A common theme in all of these red-flag incidents is that police officers unilaterally concluded that they did not need to take further action.  They bought the explanations he gave them, in spite of statements of concern by people who knew him better than they did, like the female neighbor in Texas whose apartment he shot into after a dispute. Is this another symptom of favoring gun rights over others' rights to be safe?<br/><br/>Kudos to the sergeant in Newport who at least tried to alert the naval base police by faxing over the latest reports -- but why on earth didn't the regular police take Alexis to a psychiatric ward as an involuntary commitment?  Sadly, the answer probably has something to do with the time and bother of doing so.  Twelve families have now paid the ultimate price for other people's decisions:  to sell this man guns, to allow him to keep his guns after troubling incidents, to not bring charges against him in those earlier incidents, to let him stay in his hotel and return to DC instead of taking him for psychiatric treatment.  When will this stop?  Why can't we have a system that might allow family members of people with these kinds of mental disorders to safely alert authorities, and get their relatives help?  Why can't we prevent someone like this from buying guns??
Almost a billion dollars a year, actually, according to the Urban Institute, which has tried to generate data about the economic costs of gun violence. <a href="http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/13/taxpayers-gun-violence_n_3915434.html" title="http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/13/taxpayers-gun-violence_n_3915434.html" target="_blank">http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/13/taxpayers-gun-violence_n_391543...</a>
There WERE people onsite with guns, including the guard whom the shooter shot and whose gun he then took and used to shoot more victims.
Maybe Congress will be more inclined to act because the little kids and their teachers were far away in Connecticut and this happened close to Capitol Hill.  But maybe I'm being too cynical ...
This is Teaching with a capital T!  And it's not just the drama teachers who reach out and rescue kids; some of us introverts in large public high schools would never have gone near a stage, even with a kind guide like Mr. Volpe.  So thank you, Ben Gordon, Joanna Ecke, Warren Allen Smith -- the English Lit teachers who taught many of the same lessons about literature and the soul, who told shy kids that they were good writers, who took us to see the best live theater in NYC, who made sure we were included in the literary magazine clique.  We don't forget.
I hope to be able to move into a nice continuing care community where I can live independently as long as possible then transition to more assistance as I need it.  I plan to make this move by the time I am 75, as I have seen how hard it is for people to move homes after about that age, both mentally, emotionally and physically.
There should be some recourse for families against doctors and health care facilities that put their financial motives ahead of a patient's and family's wishes, and serious professional consequences.  And the adjudicators should not be fellow members of the medical "guild."
E, I hope you and other young doctors will lead the way toward end-of-life care that is more compassionate and less focused on generating reimbursable procedures.  Best of luck to you!
LIke many commenters, I am bewildered as to why President Obama would consider nominating Larry Summers instead of Janet Yellen.  However, the higher up leaders are, the more the "aides" around them manage them and manipulate their decision-making inside the bubble.  Summers has powerful friends in DC and he is clearly pulling all the levers at his disposal.  I am writing to the White House and my Senators and Senator Warren to oppose Summers' nomination but I'm not optimistic.  He's an arrogant, power-hungry academic with no understanding -- and no desire to understand -- the impact his ideas have on other people if implemented.
Fascinating article, and I find much of it persuasive, but some of this also strikes me as a repackaging of ideas that have been around a long time.  Montessori schools accomplish many of these "social-emotional" learning goals; they've been around for a century.  Dr. Angeline Lillard of UVA has written about how modern science has finally figured out how to measure what Dr. Montessori developed through observation.<br/><br/>A hallmark of Montessori education is the creation of an environment that nurtures the whole child and encourages children to develop independent self-regulation.  Even very young children take responsibility for their classroom environments and are taught and aided to do so.  Notably, Montessori education does not just focus on teaching the children -- it is also focused on teaching the teachers, who will model the behaviors and attitudes sought in the children.  None of this is cheap, fast or easy.  But Montessori education was not developed solely for the upper classes -- Dr. Montessori pioneered her methods and concepts in a school that was set up as daycare for poor children of working parents.
"He wants to put his imprint on all of Africa. When I spoke to him recently, he claimed that is exactly what has been happening, thanks to more than $100 million in loans from the Islamic Development Bank. But when I looked at the press release announcing the scale up in Uganda, the money involved was less than $10 million  a pittance, really, and unlikely to transform the country."  How is Mr. Sachs' statement, then, not just an outright falsehood?  Or maybe he believes it to be true, in which case isn't it an egotistical delusion?  Neither of these possibilities inspires confidence ... It seems to me that a less grandiose focus on basics like potable water; education for all, including girls and women; and ending entrenched mistreatment of girls and women would go a long way.  See <a href="http://www.thegirleffect.org" title="www.thegirleffect.org" target="_blank">www.thegirleffect.org</a>.
Thank you for this analysis of one of the greatest speeches in American history, and for putting it into context.  Part of the emotion that infuses the speech was Dr. King's own decade-long knowledge, in 1965, that he was in fact putting his life on the line and that others, people he knew, had already died for this cause.  Many in his audience shared the experience of knowing people who had suffered in their attempts to claim their rights, or had suffered themselves, and they responded deeply.  This is the difference between what people dismiss as "mere rhetoric" and great oratory, which approaches prayer.
You are right -- except that in your analogy, the person doing the hiring also cares about the quality of the work.  My experience is that the people running most workplaces these days are the financial executives who have little or no customer/client contact.  They DON'T care about the quality of the work.  And they're not going to stay with any one company long enough for the long-term damage of their cost-cutting and corner-cutting to become apparent.  They will move on to their next employer, having made themselves look like short-term wonders.
No, it's not -- people who earn their J.D. already HAVE a bachelor's degree.  Don't be such a Ph.D. snob, and please keep your inter-faculty resentment under control.  You're better than that.  I have never understood why those with Ph.D. degrees are so bitter toward people with J.D. degrees, and then convert resentment into condescension.  But as you're a psychologist, you probably know why.
You are exactly right, and the single biggest cost is the compensation of the law faculty.  It's fixed because they have tenure and their pay is never rolled back (and it is set by a meaningless comparison to pay in the private sector, where most of them couldn't and don't want to practice).   I don't hear any of these high-minded professors calling for reform also offering to give up their highly paid, lifetime job security.
We live in a deeply misogynistic society, in spite of the high-profile career successes of some women.  Thank you for shedding some light on another aspect.
I have been told that this is related to the fact that hospitals try to hire the least expensive nurses they can, as opposed to the best.  I know of one excellent university nursing school that has trouble getting its well-educated graduates hired by the university teaching hospital affiliated with its medical school, because they are "too expensive."
Let's not forget Yale's famous "secret societies" like Skull &amp; Bones, home of the Bush dynasty.   Then a lot of them "grow up" and graduate to the Bohemian Grove, where powerful men consolidate their power over "boys-will-be-boys" hijinks.
You are so right.  I'd take Eisenhower again over the clowns masquerading as today's leaders of the GOP. 
Um, the whole "kid hit by a meteor" thing was a hoax. 
Depends strongly on the pedagogical reason for (or purpose of) the assignment.  If the reading assignment is meant to develop reading skills (e.g. recognizing words on a page, developing focus and ability to read more quickly), then the book needs to be read in the traditional way -- on paper.  If the reading assignment is meant to engage or familiarize students with certain works of literature, or the purpose is to conduct analysis of the book (e.g. examining plot, characters, foreshadowing, etc.) then the audiobook would be an entirely acceptable alternative.<br/><br/>If the summer reading doesn't have a well-defined pedagogical purpose, then it's just busy work and you're over-thinking how you fill out the list...  
Just a crazy idea - but why not just drink in moderation and then avoid the hangover altogether? Also, this sounds pretty much like snake-oil -- why to make a buck off the gullible... 
Don't like fees, switch banks.  Let me suggest USAA.com, which is the best bank *ever*!!!
How does she do it?  I'm guessing money.  A really well paying and flexible job will go a long way in this kind of situation.  Good for her for getting herself set up nicely.  Sadly, we aren't all so fortunate.     
Beautiful! 
Love <a href="http://Amazon.com" title="Amazon.com" target="_blank">Amazon.com</a> gift certificates from Coinstar!  Throw coins in a bowl whenever I get them, and take them to the local grocery store whenever the bowl gets full!  
That's because Pippa's dress looked *so much* more modern and beautiful than Kate's!
Honestly, if one Barbie doll is going to ruin your daughter's future/life, you've got bigger parenting issues to worry about!  While I agree your father should respect your wishes as the parent, I think you're making too much out of the whole situation.  Your child will learn a lot more from *you* than from any single toy.  Don't want to have your kids obsessed with looks/appearance/weight and make-up, then don't be obsessed with those things yourself!  As much as you'd like to believe your child will grow up in a bubble, she will eventually play with Barbie whether you like it or not (at friends' house, etc.), so no point in making Barbie "forbidden" and thus more exciting/exotic than any doll warrants.       
Hope it works out - I've known a few couples who met in a similar way... sadly, it didn't work out for them in the end.  
Good for you!

I have no Ipod and no interest in reading NY Times on my phone.  I just use my computer (I guess I'm old fashion that way)... so for being a relative Luddite I'll have to pay a *$20* per month premium (over and above the base $15 per month)??? Ridiculous.  I'd have subscribed at $5-$10 per month.  Might have considered $15 per month.  Absolutely no way I'll be paying $35 per month!!    
But showering is my favorite part of the day!  So warm and relaxing - I could never give up my showers!
OMG, his kids have to be the *most* ridiculously pampered kids EVER.  Clothes pre-heated for them in the dryer in the morning????  These kids are going to be in for a rude awakening when they grow up and enter the real world and, god forbid, have to do something for themselves!  
Wow, so many possibly confounding factors!  While I'm sure there is a correlation between moving and "negative outcomes," I'm also sure causation has not been proved.  Did the paper, for example, consider the reasons for the moves?  Imagine children in a family that is forced to move because their parents lost their jobs or had other financial problems.  The stress associated with the underlying causes for the move may itself account for the issues later in life!    
Expensive "save the date" cards and invitations!  Come on: $10 or more on a slip of paper that is quite honestly just going to get tossed or thrown into a pile of "important" papers never to be looked at again by the *vast majority* of people you invite!  For our "save the date" cards we used an online service that prints postcards.  We photoshopped our own design and had them printed for a very reasonable price.  Including postage we spent only about $50 on the save the date cards.          
Love my credit cards!  1-5% cash back on everything I buy.  Always pay entire bill off each month so it's free money!! I'm sure the credit card companies hate me... 
Don't have much to add about the subject specifically but wanted to compliment the author on a wonderfully written piece -- made me laugh out loud in several places!! 
How is this bad news for people who are healthy?!?  The people who had their insurance canceled when they got sick were themselves previously healthy!  The whole point of health care is not to take care of the little stuff, but to protect you for the unpredictable... cancer, car accident, heart attack.  Unless you are one of the few in our society who are super rich, any major medical incident can wipe out your savings almost instantaneously.  And if you're concerned about your wallet, don't you realize that no matter what you do (i.e. even if it's not through increases in medical premiums), you'll end up supporting the people who are forced to go bankrupt (because of extremely immoral actions on the part of insurance companies), as these people will end up living off of welfare, social security, etc...  My God, what has happened to basic decency in our society?        
Why don't the authorities in bankrupted California stop wasting time on a stupid iPhone!!
Those commenters who believe that being a professor involves merely a few hours of teaching a week just a few weeks of year apparently have never even been near a real college or university!  Good professors spend a significant amount of time on classroom preparation, serve on multiple committees and spend time advising and mentoring students, writing recommendation letters etc. etc.  Furthermore, they do research and write books and papers and spend countless hours writing grant proposals so that they can support their research and teaching!  Most professors spend *far* more than 40 hours a week on their work and the numbers quoted above do little justice to the fact that many make a paltry wage for the job that they do.
It would all go *so much faster* if people would just take a minute to prepare before actually getting up to the X-ray machines.  While you're waiting in line, get everything out of your pockets and into your carry-on bag (or shove everything into your coat pockets).  Remove your belt.  Remove your jacket. Get your laptop out of your bag. I can't understand why people stand in line for 10-20 minutes staring off into space and then act surprised and befuddled when they finally get up to the machines!!   
Instead of focusing on completely useless, over-sized, single person vehicles why not focus on MASS TRANSPORTATION, which is the perfect solution for megacities!   If mass transportation were efficient and reliable, people would get over their ridiculous attachment to gas guzzling monstrosities.   How 'bout city planning at includes safe bike paths, too?... just saying...        
Checking with USAA.  I can use any ATM I want for free (up to $15 in fees reimbursed per month, which translates to 5-7 transactions, which is more than enough).  Love it!     
Fantastic!  Wish smoking were banned most everywhere.  At the very least, smoking should definitely be banned in any housing units supported by governmental/public assistance.  If people can't afford to pay their own rent, then they shouldn't be wasting their money on cigarettes!  I don't like it when my tax dollars subsidize other people's bad habits!! 
I started washing dishes at a county club at 15. Before that I spent my summers mowing lawns. Although I was a National Merit Semifinalist, the only college my parents could afford to send me was a nearby state university.<br/><br/>Later, when I was awarded a graduate fellowship to an elite private university, I met the kids whose plates I'd washed and whose lawns I'd mowed.  They'd spent their childhood showing horses and taking long vacations abroad. Many had never worked.  Unpaid internships in places like New York City and Paris were the norm.  I felt like I was as smart as them, but I also understood how leisure time and academic success often proceed hand in hand.<br/><br/>Our system isn't egalitarian because rich people don't want their children to have to compete with everyone else's children. Their behavior is selfish and the system is unfair, but we live in a selfish society. The greatest irony in my experience was that as a white male I was taught that I was privileged by my race and gender (and that was undeniably true in terms of race). But nobody ever talked about class. That subject was taboo. I've been told that after former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor gave a speech at West Point in the early 1980s, she refused to answer any questions that included the word "class." I can't imagine what her childhood must have been like, growing up on her father's 300 square mile ranch. I'm thinking it must have been lovely.
Thanks for blowing the whistle on Steven Pinker's unsettling display of hubris. I enjoyed reading several of Pinker's books about language and the brain, but his recent forays into fields beyond the realm of linguistics have left me with that queasy feeling I get whenever I pass by the scene of a car-wreck. Pinker's view of history is simplistic and whiggish (past bad /present good / future better), and his zany optimism about the potential for perfecting human nature strikes me as naive and definitely fails to jibe with the views expressed by his purported hero Thomas Hobbes.
If you feel like you need a gun to enter places like grocery stores and restaurants, that's a sign of paranoia.<br/><br/>A gun nut stood behind me in line at the grocery store a few weeks ago. He was too obese to have been a cop, and even if he were a cop, he obviously wasn't on duty because he was with his wife and two young children. He didn't look like a criminal, but he did seem paranoid.
I did the exact same thing two years ago in my college classes, and I experienced the exact same response.  It came as a relief to most students, including the tech-savvy ones.<br/><br/>The only complaints came from students reporting violations.  One group of students photographed the test with a wireless spy pen and then listened through tiny, wireless earpieces for the answers that were returned to them via their smartphones in their backpacks.  Without a tip from another student, I'd never have imagined what they were doing.  They were scholarship athletes.<br/><br/>I also received several complaints about a young woman sitting near the back of the classroom who was distracting the students around her by constantly streaming videos.  I asked her to put her tablet away several times, but she would pull it back out as soon as my attention turned to something else.  She departed at the mid-term after having done no better than guessing on the multiple choice questions on the exam--and that's extremely rare.  The essays were left blank. <br/><br/>Finally, I noticed a student who tightly palmed his iPhone and defended it with the same intensity that little children defend their pacifiers--even during tests.  He was smart and didn't need to cheat, but having to complete a test without his iPhone left him visibly distressed. His mother was on the other end.<br/><br/>There are a lot of us who are skeptical of introducing tablets into k-12.
I completely agree.  I purchased a tablet last year.  I had it for a couple of weeks and only used it for 3 or 4 hours tops before I noticed that the screen was cracked.  I have no idea how that happened. Google sent me a replacement but didn't mention that ASUS would blame me for the crack.  So I ended up getting tricked into paying to replace a product that I regard as one of the stupidest purchases I've ever made.<br/><br/>I still haven't found any uses for my tablet apart from playing Candy-crush and streaming Youtube.  Typing on it is a waste of time. Tablets are designed for the passive consumer. To get work done you need a computer.
Here in Kentucky the exact same people that are pushing for market-based solutions to the so-called crisis in public education are also seeking to block the adoption of national standards for teaching science because they include topics like evolution and climate change.<br/><br/>Who are these people? Tea Party Republicans who can't make sense of the world without turning to FOX News. Just today our governor courageously defended the national science standards despite a legislative committee having voted to reject them by a margin of 6 to 1. The vote broke on party lines with one Democrat abstaining and another Democrat absent.
I usually agree with most of what you write, Ken, but your description of events in 1973 seems a bit off base.  The US rushed aid to Israel in 1973 to help them stave off a sudden attack launched by Syria and Egypt.  Fearing the economic consequences of the war, our European allies refused to allow American supply planes to pass through their air space.  The holdout fascist regime in Portugal finally allowed passage over the Azores.<br/><br/>Kissenger also put the world on nuclear alert for the first time since the Cuban Missile Crisis, which is a fact not known by many Americans but surely not lost on Vladimir Putin. Already reeling from the catastrophe in Vietnam, the sudden surge in oil prices made 1973 a grim year for Americans and brought an end to what some economic historians now refer to as Western Europe's "miracle years" (1945-1973).
German students whose parents have moved to Chattanooga, Tennessee to work in the new car plant there have not outshone the local kids. That's just an anecdote, albeit a true one.<br/><br/>Diane Ravitch's new book is a thoughtful study of a complex issue by the leading expert in the field.  It deserves a wider audience.  Thanks for mentioning it, Mary.
Yes, the students are being cheated by online education, and they in turn cheat in these courses at a scandalous rate. I've met wives who've taken courses for their husbands, and graduate students who advertise that they'll take a course for the same price as the textbook ($150). Some of the students pay with their own money to take these courses, but often it's Uncle Sam who picks up the tab.
I agree with your description of online students as non-traditional students, but I don't think online courses are meeting their needs. Retention rates are awful, which means poor people are being saddled with debt for a worthless transcript. Lowering standards allows more to pass, but that has undermined the traditional classroom.  Last semester I was told that my class was too hard compared to its equivalent online, which could be completed in two weeks with a guaranteed A.
"Last spring, he didnt go to class on the A&amp;M campus but instead took all online courses."<br/><br/>Manziel isn't even attending classes at A&amp;M! I seriously doubt he did the work in the online courses.  He may have been sitting at the computer, but I bet he had somebody sitting next to him feeding him the answers.<br/><br/>Pay the players.  Let them enroll in college if that's how they want to spend their money.  Don't force the players to go to class or enroll in online courses, because that devalues the education that the other students are going into debt to receive. Urge the universities sell their licensing rights to professional sports organizations. Make it legal for the players to organize to negotiate their salaries and working conditions. Provide players with disability and workmen's compensation benefits. Require that student activity fees be made optional so that students who don't attend sporting events are no longer forced to help pay for them.<br/><br/>Without serious reforms, all we have to look forward to is more of the same, which is poor black men making hundreds of millions of dollars for rich white men who don't have to play by the same rules. Sitting out 30 minutes against Rice? That speaks volumes.
David, you supported the war in Iraq that ignited this "perfect storm." Our invasion actually brought Shia and Sunni together against a common enemy for a while (attacking our soldiers), but then Bush gave up on installing a puppet regime and starting talking democracy to buy himself some time. The result, thanks to a Shia majority in Iraq, was that we created an ally for Iran and spread chaos across the region with a mass exodus of Iraqis fleeing into Syria and other nearby states.  All this was predicted by the "legendary" Ryan Crocker in 2002, but your colleague Paul Krugman and millions of marchers in demonstrations staged all over this planet were saying the exact same thing.  Sadly, you and your neo-con buddies thought blood for oil was a good idea. You have no credibility on this topic. Please write about something else.
I agree with your comment about the Occupy Movement but would like to remind you that a woman from <a href="http://MoveOn.Org" title="MoveOn.Org" target="_blank">MoveOn.Org</a> was thrown to the ground and kicked in the head by Tea Party members.  The attack occurred on October 26, 2010 prior to a debate between Rand Paul and Jack Conway, the Democrat candidate Paul subsequently defeated in that year's Senate race.<br/><br/>The violence was captured on video and denounced by both candidates.
Professor Fish knocked this one out of the park.<br/><br/>Even if instructors monitor the discussion boards 24/7, discussion boards aren't really discussions. At least so far as the humanities are concerned, reading a good book like Huxley's "Brave New World" is time better spent.<br/><br/>Bill Gates, who dropped out of college and became the world's richest man by creating and fiercely protecting a monopoly, has now offered a revolutionary new model for a college education, and soon students will be receiving answers to all their questions from a phone rep in Bangalore.
Brooks also ignored Thoreau, whose "Essay on Civil Disobedience" inspired both King and Gandhi. An ardent abolitionist, Thoreau went to jail in protest to the Mexican War. Thoreau doesn't fit into Brooks' religious paradigm.  He was no friend of the Yankee preachers who joked that the Indians ought not be so resistant to Christianity, since it taught that believers couldn't work on Sunday's only--and the Indians never worked at all (Congregation. Laughter). Thoreau noted that on Monday mornings the only people at the ferry crossings were jailbirds and preachers.<br/><br/>I always groan when faced with the absurd precision of Brooks' social data (e.g., a 26% success rate for violent revolutions between 1900 and 2006).
I wasnt around for the days of John L. Smith, but I witnessed the changes from coaches Petrino through Kragthorpe to Strong. Class attendance on ESPNs weekday game nights was dismal, especially during winning seasons, and in 2006, the year Petrino's team won the Orange Bowl, his players almost never attended my morning class.  I figured he would be departing for another job, and he did. Petrinos successors, Kragthorpe and Strong, were much better on this score, and Strong's decision to stay at Louisville after being offered the job at Tennessee was a key moment in Louisville's rise.  But so was Petrino's Orange Bowl victory, and Im glad your report noted the importance of that season. I doubt whether some of Petrino's players realized what was happening until after their transcripts were all but ruined.<br/><br/>Papa John's Stadium seemed like a fiasco after Petrino departed.  I remember walking to teach class one brisk autumn evening and seeing the stadium all lit up for ESPN game night--and the upper deck was all but empty.  A few moments later I was in front of nearly 100 students using a computer at the podium that crashed again and again throughout the semester. If a tenured professor can complain that the resources available to him relative to those available to athletics have been insufficient, just imagine the bifurcated existence that adjuncts teaching evening classes have encountered over the past ten or fifteen years. It's hard to compete with football.
Bill and Melinda Gates' dream of revolutionizing education has been a failure because they refused to listen to teachers.  Now they are dreaming about revolutionizing food production with genetically modified foods and refusing to listen to farmers. This fellow became the richest man in the world by setting set up a monopoly,and now he's promoting the likes of Monsanto. Should we be surprised?
Everything Gore said in the interview checked out to be correct. The update was weak and didn't clear the record, as evidenced by some of the comments posted by readers. Thankfully, links were provided for curious readers who might have been confused by the story.<br/><br/>The Union of Concerned Scientists based its criticism of Gore on a misquote.  The transcript of the interview read, "some are proposing that we add category six," and that was a true statement. The misquote stated that "scientists are now adding category six," and that was an untrue statement.  Gore made the true statement.  Gore is not responsible for the untrue statement, because that isn't what he said during the interview.<br/><br/>Concerned Scientists didn't know they were basing their criticism of Gore on a misquote; however, commending Concerned Scientists for their non-partisanship seems a little silly at this point.  After all, it was Concerned Scientists who didn't have their facts straight.
One of the leading voices in the climate-change deniers here in Louisville is an astronomy professor at the local community college. Some students quote this professor's comments to cast doubt on a lot of other things taught at the college, including the seemingly uncontroversial notion that humans first arrived to the Americas during the last great ice age. It used to be that the biology professors took the heat whenever they mentioned natural selection, but everyone else remained pretty safe from these sorts of challenges. The onslaught against reason has grown into a far more comprehensive movement.
It took a week for Rand Paul to rid himself of a senior staff member who bragged that he used to celebrate the birthday of John Wilkes Booth. That episode turned the stomach of a lot of conservative white folks right here in Kentucky (Lincoln was born in Hodgenville, KY).  Rand Paul as a candidate with potential appeal to minorities? Nope.<br/><br/>Russ, I'd love to watch a Tea Party audience react to either you or David Brooks quoting Edmund Burke. They'd dismiss you as a pin-headed liberal. Ditto for Irving Kristol, Allan Bloom, or Daniel Bell. Friedrich von Hayek and Ayn Rand are better names to toss around.  Just don't quote them. That would make you sound liberal.<br/><br/>As for all this fear-mongering about the cost of Obamacare, might I remind you that Americans pay more for healthcare than anyone else on this planet. We elected Obama because we knew that the federal government was the only institution that had the power to step in and break up a corporatist racket.
Joe Lieberman, not Sarah Palin, corrected McCain.
While running for president in 2008, John McCain visited Jordan and Israel and had to be reminded several times by his running mate why the Shia leaders of Iran would not dream of training the Sunni extremists who led  al-qaeda in Iraq. For his part Lindsay Graham is now taking heat from a younger female rival within his own party in South Carolina whose campaign strategy hinges on mocking him for being effeminate. Squirrely as ever, Rand Paul now looks to be the short-term winner of all this chaos.  He's that fellow who is wrong about pretty much everything--except whether or not Obama should have called a coup a coup as soon as it happened. Needless to say, the Republican Party remains utterly dysfunctional.<br/><br/>John Kerry has been a disappointment at State, and Chuck Hagel appears to have made the same blunder Dubya made when he said he had looked into Putin's eyes and declared that he saw a man whom he could trust. I regret that the Egyptian army is bankrolled by American tax dollars, but the one thing that is most certain in my mind is that I don't want my son sent off to fight in a war in the Middle East. The Saudis and Israelis can send their sons to fight in Egypt if they want to, but they need to know that my son and his friends are going to remain at home on this side of the planet.  After all, nobody in Egypt ever referred to them as the other 47%.<br/><br/>This is an excellent but heartbreaking article. Thermidor.  Revolutions devour their own.
The party of Lincoln is dying. Conserving and destroying are different things. As a child I was inspired by Lamar Alexander's walk across Tennessee when he ran for governor. He connected with ordinary people. In more recent years, Alexander has helped save Tennessee's mountains. That's my idea of conservatism. Taking care of things. Respecting your elders. Leaving something for the next generation to cherish.
Praising Bill Gates has grown into a cottage industry.
I can think of some troubling stories that involve the use of machines in the history of  psychology (from shock therapy to lie detectors).  Have their been comparable success stories to offset these accounts?<br/><br/>I understand the appeal of such a machine.  Mental disorders are a well know route toward receiving payments ffrom Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI), and that's especially true for children, with ADHD leading the way.  According to Marcia Angell,  former editor in chief of the New England Journal of Medicine, there was a 35 fold increase in these claims between 1987 to 2007, and I  suspect this trend, what Professor Angell has skeptically referred to as a Mental Health Epidemic, has accelerated since 2007 given the numbers included in this story (9% of adolescents diagnosed with ADHD).<br/><br/>I've heard of families coaching their children on how to be successfully diagnosed, so that the more talented children are at persuading a clinician the they are suffering from the disorder, the higher the benefit paid to their families. What a waste of talent. Wealthier parents, by contrast, are less motivated to seek SSDI payments, but they often see the treatment for ADHD with amphetamines as something that gives their children a competitive edge in the classroom (and those grueling twenty-four rounds rounds in med school are legendary).
Your process of understanding and working through your difficult emotional reactions is very instructive.  Yes you are helping parents not just to feel less alone or ashamed about having similar thoughts and feelings, but you model HOW to begin being patient and understanding with yourself and HOW to start working through it.  I think your professional training has given you the perspective and skills to do this, and is helping you immensely here in a way you didn't acknowledge in your reflection.  As a mental health professional and a new parent, I can relate to learning about how my professional skills have applied or not to my experience as a parent.<br/><br/>I also can't use boundaries with my child as I would to stay separate from patients' personal dynamics, but that is a good thing because we SHOULDN'T be doing that in (safe and healthy) personal relationships.  In a sense, this is the inverse of the ethical problems involved in providing mental health care to people you know personally.  Family relationships are supposed to be close enough such that every member has a profound and mutual effect on the others... even when it is surprisingly painful and difficult at times.  Keep up with your process and you will get through this with time and experience.  Your whole family dynamic will be more supportive, positive, and resilient over time as a result.
Slow cookers are great in the summer, because that doesn't heat up your kitchen as much as the oven or boiling something on the stove!  I like your point about focusing on the bigger picture too.
I'm glad some readers found the suggestion helpful :)  I also love Mark Bittman's How to Cook Everything!  It's an excellent resource for learning many ways to prepare each kind of food.
Whenever somebody who is new to cooking and meal planning asks me how it's done on a time and cost budget, I always recommend the book, Cheap. Fast. Good! by Beverly Mills and Alicia Ross as a place to start.  It's pretty average food and the recipes tend to be quick and inexpensive and possible for a novice cook.  Somebody with a particular diet or desire for a high dining kind of meal isn't going to like these recipes.  As far as the relative "healthiness" of the meals, sometimes that could be debated.  But for the practicality of just trying to get something basic and acceptable on the table throughout the week, it's a very useful resource.  I still make some of the recipes often, though I've had my copy since 2005!  Beyond recipes, what I think is helpful about this book is the explanation of the strategies of meal planning, shopping, food preparation schedules, how to use the same already prepped ingredients in multiple meals and how to substitute ingredients.<br/><br/>My spouse and I tend to do shopping and a kitchen shift on Sundays to get everything made for lunches through the week and have the ingredients on hand and meals planned for the week.  We tend to plan dinners so we have enough for two nights from each meal, so we cook and clean up only every other day.  We both enjoy cooking separately and together, so the cooking is a fun activity in addition to all the work it takes to eat mostly home made food most of the time.
Another side to this is the need to encourage all fathers to find it "normal" to take care of their kids and do the things you were doing, because frankly many of them don't find this normal.  I agree that the stereotype exists and it's unfair when applied to fathers like you, and can become a self fulfilling prophecy.  But it is based on a strong historical precedent and is still the reality in many families.<br/><br/>Some less involved dads feel awkward and unsure about childcare and quickly give up when it doesn't seem to go as easily as what they see others doing.  Perhaps some fathers would be encouraged to have a more realistic perspective and continue trying if people praised their efforts.
But did your high school work experience help you get better work study positions in college?  Not sure of when you were in college, but I know many current and recent college students who are finding that desirable or even undesirable campus jobs are not a given.  Everyone even at that level would like to see some work experience.
"the best education she possibly can" get may be a lofty goal in light of a simple love of education, but it is NOT a given path to success in employment or adult maturity and self-sufficiency.  Wasn't this misconception (or deception depending on who you're talking to) a major part of the Occupy movement?  All these best educated people who couldn't get a useful job.  Was it because they had no work skills?  Was it because they had inadequate perspective and discernment when choosing a major in college, because they had no experience with anything as teens?
Of the high school extra curriculars I was a part of, I would say my part time job had the most long lasting positive impact on my life.  Basic work skills, like arriving on time, following directions from a boss, dealing with a rude boss, a difficult coworker, or mean customers are all important skills that I see many of my peers now lacking.  It also put me in a peer situation with working class people, which was so very valuable in giving me some perspective beyond my middle class intellectual cohort.  That high school job taught a lot of humility.  There are a lot of things you can tell your kids that they may understand on an academic level, but they won't really "get" it until they've lived it.<br/><br/>It's true that it was a challenge in balancing for me, also a top student.  My parents allowed me to decide what to do.  When I felt like I had too much on my plate, I chose to keep working over some other extracurriculars.  I earned enough scholarships to cover my complete tuition and part of room and board at my state school for undergrad.  I also have a master's degree from the top program in America for my profession.  I also was able to get a professional job related to my degree living in one of the most unemployed cities in America several months after the housing crash.  Considering those accomplishments, it would be hard to say I was harmed by working a little instead of playing soccer etc in high school.
As others have written, I think it's perfectly logical for her to be confused and upset in a scenario where you've told her you can't all be together anymore because the parents aren't happy together, but then spend intentional time together in which the parents appear to be happy together.  She's too little to understand what you mean by "not happy together" as an adult couple, and why being kind and pleasant with one another for a dinner is not the same as being happily married and living together as a family.  <br/><br/>What do you think it means to her if somebody is "not happy" with somebody else?  It could vary a lot based on her experiences.  Regardless, she has now learned that a family member can become "not happy" with another family member and separate.  She might be afraid this could happen to her if one or both parents becomes unhappy with her.  If mom and dad can stop being husband and wife and live apart, then why should she assume mom and daughter or dad and daughter can't do the same?  Obviously this would be a very upsetting fear.  Maybe M has been clearer with her daughter than what she wrote here, but if she hasn't she needs to be.<br/><br/>I don't understand the purpose of these dinners anyway.  It's certainly positive for the parents to be kind, pleasant, helpful, fair, etc with one another but a monthly dinner is not necessary to teach your daughter how to be this way.  She will learn by how you treat everyone and each other in everyday situations.
I think it is very wise to be thoughtful about how you talk about race and prejudice and stereotypes with children to help make sure what you say can be understood at their age and so on.  But you just can't leave it out.  Actually I think using these stories is a great way to introduce these discussions, because you can introduce these ideas in a safe environment where you can be calm and have the time and calmness to ask good questions and offer good explanations.<br/><br/>Whether or not you're telling your child what you believe is right and wrong about these things, other people will be sending messages.  Your child may even assume you agree with whatever he/she sees as "the way things are" through inadvertent and unexamined observations if you do not say otherwise and set a different example.<br/><br/>Think of this.  What if you and your son are at the store and you see a man mock a black customer who did something clumsy by imitating a gorilla, and your son thinks this is funny?  What if he laughs or says something out loud about how funny this is, whether or not he is laughing at the racism in it?  How are you going to address this in this setting, where other people are bound to be upset and looking to see what you will do?  If you had talked about the book, maybe your son would say "dad, I can't believe that man is really acting like a gorilla, it's so awful" or even, "hey mister, you can't treat people that way, it's not right."
I agree with this!
I think the reflections provided by these readers are excellent and spot on!
Wow!  Critical thinking about society's portrayal and expectations of women is so important, but I very firmly believe that these kind of  lessons do not apply to every girl's experience every time.  Without knowing the author's daughter, I cannot guess whether her reaction matched the context of her daughter's wishes or not.  Maybe she did want to wear makeup for all the reasons the author is trying to teach against... but maybe she didn't.  It's not always easy for kids to explain their motivations to an adult, especially when they perceive they are being negatively judged at the outset!<br/><br/>I wanted to start wearing makeup around age 12 and wasn't allowed for a few more years, told simply that I wasn't "old enough." Looking back, I can honestly say all I wanted was to be able to wear the shimmery pastel eye shadows!  I wanted this because I thought shimmery pastels were pretty in general, my friends were allowed and it seemed fun to be able to match the eye shadow to one's shirt and so on.  In the context of my perspective and my peers at that time, that's ALL it was.  I had no interest in being made up like a model or trying to emulate women in music videos and magazines, etc. and no interest in attracting sexual attention.   I have no idea how I would have responded if I had received lecture like the author gave her daughter, but I'm sure it wouldn't have been positive for my relationship with my parent or my understanding of feminism.
I know so many women who did not build a solid history of professional work while young, before or while raising children.  Now that the children are grown, many many many of those women would like to work in a professional capacity because they turned out to need the money and/or a purposeful way to spend time.  Even though they value their memories and experiences from being stay-at-home-moms, they also are unhappy about having to start from the beginning at age 45-55 in education and entry-level professional positions which tend to be lower paid and have more inconvenient job conditions than what is available to people with years of experience.  Many of those women do wish they had done something along a professional path when younger.  Maybe your SIL will never feel like she needs to or wants to work after her kids are grown up, but if she does she will probably have some of "regrets" of her own!
"We may inflict those judgments on one another, but were really judging ourselves. Every accusation is a self-defense, and every defense a self-justification  because no matter how we make our choices (or have life circumstances choose on our behalf) there is no perfect way to balance all of what we want when we want it. That is the biggest conflict of them all. To hang every choice of home over work on the pressure to mother in a certain way seems to me to be missing the pressures that would remain even in the absence of the natural parenting movement."<br/><br/>You said this so very excellently!
The most ridiculous thing I was told by a "pregnancy police" was that I should avoid taking a scenic walk on a vacation because I might "fall and hurt the baby."  This was not a high adventure high impact trail, it was newly paved, and even hardly had an incline!  I'm pretty sure I'm more likely to fall in my own home, trip on an uneven sidewalk, or slip in a spill at the grocery store.
Avoiding food poisoning is a worthwhile effort, pregnant or not.<br/><br/>The thing about food poisoning is I've only ever gotten it from cheeseburgers in restaurants, a few times.  Never from nice cheese, never from sushi, never from medium rare steak, never from soft boiled eggs, which I eat far far more often that cheeseburgers out.  And recent outbreaks show you never know when your spinach or cantaloupe or peanut butter etc could be contaminated.  (wait you're supposed to avoid pb now if you listen to the pregnancy police)  <br/><br/>There is no reason to expect the food supply to be different when you're pregnant.  I have never heard anyone tell pregnant women they can only eat foods they personally cooked themselves to a temperature of 180 degrees F.  Hopefully I am not giving anyone more ideas of things to add to the list...
I like many of the suggestions already offered here.  Here's another thing to try if your son doesn't seem to be able to realize he's dreaming within his dreams and direct the narratives.  You could encourage him to make up new endings after he wakes up.  For example in the monster-faced puddle dream, maybe he can find a giant fan beside him that dries up the water right away, or he realizes the monster face was just a reflection from a nearby movie poster, or it turned out there was a harmless little bug swimming in the puddle but the image was distorted by the surface of the water, etc.  If he likes to draw, he could even draw the new ending.  This could give him a way to feel as if he has closure from the bad dreams and more control over how he feels.  If he's able to describe his dreams in such detail at this age, I think he also would be able to imagine some pretty creative new endings!  
I agree about being careful about using words like mean or sick as an explanation of why she doesn't know this grandma, because a child may attach the consequence (estrangement) to all kinds of other ways of being mean or sick.  She may make this connection and not tell you because she is afraid of what could happen, especially if her mom is the one who gets called mean or becomes sick.<br/><br/>By the time she's old enough to ask questions about this, she should already have some understanding about who is a stranger, that strangers are dangerous and she needs to stay away from them.  You could frame your explanation about this grandma in a similar way.  "We don't see her because we can't trust her.  She might do something really bad to hurt us, like a stranger, so we stay away and we don't talk to her."  If you want to be more specific, I'm sure you could find some children's books that would offer some age appropriate concepts about abuse, maybe even at your library.
I think this is a very sad story because of the way the mother used shame in her efforts.  The mother tried to attach shame to weight for appearances and the child's behavior with food, even when it was pretty iffy to assume the child's behavior was inappropriate for her age.  And then she went further and even tried to attach those things to identity worth as a person overall!<br/><br/>However, I have a lot of hope for Bea because of her comment about being the same person as she was before the weight loss.  I think that's a profound thought for a child that age, let alone anyone of any age who struggles with identity and self worth relating to weight.  I think this is a sign she is rejecting her mother's perspective and that it shows a lot of independent thinking for her age... even if that independence is inspired by stubbornness and an urge to defy her mother at this point more than anything else.  (with a mother who behaves so randomly and hypocritically as that, this seems like a natural response!)  It's a good sign for her resilience. <br/><br/>I don't think Bea is necessarily on a path to lifelong dysfunction.  I know people who came from good and bad (self described) food and weight environments growing up, who have had varied outcomes as adults in terms of health or dysfunction when it comes to food, weight and self image.  There may be a correlation but the direction is not fully inevitable.  Everyone has to figure this out for him/herself as an adult regardless of background.
You don't have to make oatmeal hot.  You can use rolled oats (not instant) or steel cut oats and put them in milk in the fridge the night before.  For myself, I prefer 1/2 C rolled oats plus 1 C milk, plus1 C fruit and a small (like tsp small!) drizzle of honey across the top.  it's not crunchy but has sort of consistency of a bowl of cereal rather than the sticky thick oatmeal.  Steel cut oats are chewier.  This doesn't involve cooking, it just has to be put together the night before rather than poured in the morning.  Blueberries from frozen might be the most fun fruit for kids because they turn it purple!
You can make spaghetti sauce from tomato paste in almost as little time as heating up jar sauce once you know what seasonings and thickness you like.  This way you avoid the excess sugar and salt.  I only put a pinch of sugar in mine!
Allison, you can purchase plain yogurt and put your own fruit/ sweetener in.  If it's meant for lunch away from home, you can put it in small containers.  This way, you add less sugar and can put a whole serving of fruit in if you want.  Yes it is a little more effort, but it even tastes better and should cost you less on top of reducing the added sugar!
I'm surprised that so many people are recommending talking to the girlfriends' parents, as she is 18.  It would be different if she were a minor.  An 18-year-old may not be fully independent or "grown up" but 18 means she is independently responsible to choose or reject medical treatment and has a right to complete privacy of all medical information when it comes to her parents. As a "friendly neighbor" to this girl rather than a health professional, of course D is not bound to things like patient centered care and HIPPA.  But I think she should maintain the same ethic anyway, she should not tell the parents and she should not try to force the girlfriend into an intervention.<br/><br/>I think D can privately and calmly talk to the girlfriend if she wants to.  She should just tell the girlfriend that she has noticed the purging behavior going on for a while and is worried about her health.  If the girlfriend is willing to talk about what she's doing, listen and be kind and calm and mostly listen.  If she's not willing to talk about it, or she just wants to talk and doesn't want to take action, all you can do is let her know you care about her and are willing to help her access care if she decides she wants it.  If she wants you to help, great!  If not, just try to be kind to her over time anyway.  You can't "make" her see her problem and get care if she's not ready to do it.
It has been 50 years since John XXIII departed. Welcome back.
Okay, this has converted me back to the camp that favors tipping. The campaign against leaving tips and including them in the price is a way of removing customer feedback. I do not like it if there is no salt available, even though I only occasionally add any extra. Even the best chefs make mistakes, and a more modest tip is the best way to cajole the staff to tell them to have salt available without the hassle of having to ask for it. 
It is interesting to read so many comments that roundly condemn the government under aliases (when there are any) that are so transparent that Radio Shack rejects could figure them out. Whatever else the NSA has done, it does not seem to have stifled dissent. 
Dismayed in Boston: The mortgage deduction by itself is not a distortion, as you correctly note. The distortion is, as Bruce points out, the absence of a tax on the net imputed rental value of homes. Because taxing imputed value is difficult (though the Swiss manage to do it), most economists (I am of that tribe) think that a second best method of correcting the distortion is to disallow the mortgage deduction. A deduction for first mortgages below a certain amount, say for starter homes, would encourage homeownership by those who need the help and still go a long way toward correcting overinvestment in housing. 
Bruce, I don't quite get this. If people did trade with their neighbors, they would have to be paid an explicit rent whose proceeds (net of interest, maintenance, and property taxes) would be taxable income. Where's the distortion? 
The simple alternative to taxing imputed rent is to disallow the mortgage deduction for homeowners. It isn't as economically elegant as taxing imputed rent (home equity would still be tax-favored), but it would reduce most of the disparities that inefficiently favor homeowners over renters. Allowing renters to deduct would make the capital market distortions worse. 
A fine essay. Professor Jackson's lifelong study of urban history offers an excellent perspective on the need to see New York as an evolving city in a world economy. A city preserved in amber, as the historic preservationists sometimes seem to desire, is inconsistent with New York's history. 
The NFL got off light because the players had such a poor case. The salaries they earned were large in part because football is a dangerous game, and everyone knows it. It's the same reason ironworkers who work on skyscrapers get more money than construction workers who stay on the ground. 
The no-nukes people will win; rational argument will not persuade them. The only realistic response to sea-level rise will be seawalls, stilts, and relocation. The example of the Netherlands demonstrates that you can invest a lot in that kind of infrastructure and still be a wealthy society. 
The depressing part of this article (and many of the comments) is how much it relies on sources whose source of income is a particular cause, like the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism. What would you expect them to say? Oster is an economist, not a statistician, and economists tend to judge policies based on the overall well being of people, not just particular parts of them. Oster seems to be arguing that baby docs should pay attention to the mother's well being, too. 
The claim that taxpayers who do not itemize get no benefit from the charitable contribution deduction is doubtful. If the charitable deduction were eliminated, the standard deduction would probably be reduced. That said, those who use the standard deduction have no extra incentive to contribute to a charity. Maybe the standard deduction needs to be eliminated so everyone has an incentive to itemize and thus contribute to the charities of their choice. 
To depressionbaby: According to Wikipedia, Chicago's murder rate peaked in 1992 and has fallen since then, just like other big cities. Chicago's crime rate is still above New York's, so maybe one could credit stop and frisk for that (though the article said Chicago had adopted some NYC and LA techniques), but the general reduction in crime nationally cannot be attributed to stop and frisk. 
The claim by Mr. Otis that stop and frisk and long prison sentences cut crime is not convincing. Crime has dropped in nearly every big city, even those that have not adopted stop and frisk. Long sentences started in the 1970s, but crime kept going up until 1990. It is time to take more seriously the idea that crime has been reduced by the empowerment of ordinary people with cell phones and cameras, which started to become widespread in 1990. Potential criminals fear a person who can report or photograph them instantly almost as much as they fear a cop with a gun. Of course the phone and photo hypothesis is going to be dismissed by those who are invested in the criminal "justice" system, but if people recognized that the smart phone is more effective than the gun, Trayvon might still be alive. 
ACW reads Animal Farm in a strange way. The animals have accomplished a revolution and live in a socialist society. Old Boxer, the loyal party workhorse, is sold by the socialist leaders (pigs Snowball and Napoleon, thin disguises for Lenin and Stalin) to the slaughterhouse after he becomes useless. 
Nightwood means well, but a friend's father told his children that he might commit suicide a year before he did so, and it caused them endless anxiety and depression because they could not do anything about it. It might be more merciful to make an unannounced exit. 
Quarter of a billion for the Post? Considering that the Boston Globe sold for less than third of that, the Graham family and stockholders did not do too badly. Maybe the industry has bottomed out. 
If Brooke could have read this article before the accident, would he have chosen to live? (The hypothetical assumes he could not prevent the accident and could have stopped the nurse from reviving him in the moments after it.) I am guessing the answer would be no. His wife would have had an intense period of grief, then gotten over it and gone on with her life. And that's why he would have chosen to die, because he loves her. 
Well, at least this should remind us that obesity is not a uniquely American problem. Good luck to the mall walkers; something is always better than nothing. 
Statistical nonsense is not the same as plain old nonsense. Kahneman seems to tell us that if you get robbed in the same dark alley ten nights in a row, you should keep on going there because ten is not a statistically significant sample. I liked the book, too, but some things don't require quite that much testing. Dougr's point might be modified to say that aspirin's effect on cancer is an interesting possibility that is worth more study. 
Friedman undermines his sensible message with scare tactics. World population growth is slowing so that "ZPG" is possible in this century, and a world in which Chinese and Indians have an American standard of living is one in which the majority of its population will be willing to sacrifice something for a better environment. "Burn up the planet" phrases don't help the conversation. 
Great column, one of the most prescient comments on immigration and ethnic integration. Mutts we are, indeed. Fie on those who take offense at that vigorous term. America will lead the world with its disdain for ethnicity and eye on the future. A Fourth of July for the whole of humanity!
Sleep is good, but so are other things in life. The 8-hour optimum studies were experiments in which subjects had nothing to do when they were awake. Getting fired from your job because you slept in and missed a deadline is bad for your health, too. Forbidding an occasional late-night bout of homework can be similarly harmful to your children's life prospects. Lab studies are great, but they need a few reality checks before they get translated into recommendations for ordinary people. 
People seem to assume that talking on the phone is the same as talking with a passenger in the car. The big difference is that the passenger can help spot potential hazards--child in a crosswalk, a veering bicycle--while the person on the other end of the phone cannot. Back-seat driving helps offset the passenger distractions, but invisible correspondents cannot. 
We need to ask why the Fourth Amendment exists. It clearly contemplates that some guilty parties will not be apprehended. One reason for enduring this cost is to avoid abuse of power. The cops and their bosses are limited because they possess the awesome power of arrest and detainment, something the rest of us do not have and must submit to. So the Fourth limits the scope of what police can do, even if it allows some criminals to remain free. It helps us stay free of the police state, and this decision seems to reduce that protection. 
Niel, would you really rather not have known this? 
Mick, this may be the first time I have ever laughed right out loud while reading the New York Times.
Exactly.  The false idea that gluten-free food must be expensive seems to be rooted in the fact that gluten-free *processed* food is expensive.  But if you are facing a significant health challenge, you should probably be avoiding processed foods anyway.  Whole foods provide much better nutrition, nutrition which can help to normalize biological feedback loops.<br/><br/>Vegetables are gluten-free and generally inexpensive.  So are beans, and potatoes, and rice, and fruits.  <br/><br/>As I posted on an earlier article in this series, several years of testing various possibilities-- multiple times each--showed me that I am healthy when I avoid all gluten, all dairy, and eggs.  But when I eat even small amounts of these substances, I have a major autoimmune flare.  <br/><br/>Diet may not help all people with autoimmune disease, but it makes a real difference for others.  It's worth experimenting to see which camp you fall into.
I don't specifically have RA, but I do have "undifferentiated autoimmune disease" and my anti-nuclear antibodies have regularly been 1280 or higher.  I've also had significant extended problems with exhaustion and pain.  <br/><br/>Two things that have really helped me feel radically better: 1) Low-dose naltrexone, as mentioned in one of the questions here.  It has no bad side-effects; it's really cheap (especially if you make your own from 50 mg tablets--look on the web to find out how to do this; it's easy); and many people, including me, find that it greatly improves quality of life. <br/><br/>2) Food elimination diet.  Either follow the protocol that you can find on the internet for eliminating the eight most common problem food groups, or simply experiment with eliminating the foods that you suspect are a problem for you.  In my case, I get horribly sick for about a week if I eat wheat/gluten, dairy of any sort (milk, butter, cheese, cream), and/or eggs.  When I don't eat these foods, I feel good.<br/><br/>I mention these tips in the hope that they will be of use to someone else.  Much of my health improvement came about by following leads I found on the internet.
I just saw this story, so I hope my comment isn't too late.  If you're in Kansas City, I highly recommend the Jazz and Blues Museum, and the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum, which are right next to one another.  I don't even like baseball, but the Negro Leagues Museum was fascinating.  Then take yourself off to Arthur Bryant's Barbeque, which is right nearby.  It's not glamorous by a long shot, but the food is good and a visit there counts as a distinctive Kansas City experience.
If you re-read the piece, you'll see that the patient was "treated for 10 years" only with attention to her surface symptoms (sinus infections, etc.), and not (as far as we can tell from the essay) with attention to locating an underlying etiology that was producing those surface symptoms.  Finally the author of the piece determined, apparently, that the underlying etiology was psychosomatic.  That is what many of us are criticizing, because many of us have had hard-to-diagnose diseases dismissed as psychosomatic.  Being "treated for 10 years" is not at all the same thing as "being treated with an eye to figuring out what is really biologically wrong with the patient."
Thank you for your comment, Mary.  I had the same concern about this article.  After ten years of chronic illness that doctors told me was all in my head, I have finally been diagnosed with an autoimmune illness.  Doctors kept prescribing me Prozac (which I did not take, as I knew I had a biological problem).  It was a very, very hard slog to find a doctor who would actually look hard to figure out the nature of my problem, rather that assuming that *I* was the problem.<br/><br/>I can certainly understand that it is frustrating for a doctor who cannot figure out the cause of the patient's physical suffering.  But in my experience, doctors do not need any encouragement whatsoever to move to the conclusion that unexplained health problems are psychological in origin.
I agree with you that more than punishment is needed, and that prevention training would be very helpful.  But I disagree that "people who act out sexually have deep complex psychological problems."  That view makes the problem of sexual assault solely a matter of the individual's imbalance.  The reason why the sexual assault rate is so high in the military right now is not because there's such a high proportion of loonies in uniform, but because the culture of the military is currently a "rape culture."  Changing the culture is a major part of the battle, which is why prevention and educational initiatives would be very helpful.  But improving punishment structures is also very important, because it signals that the culture of sexual assault is no longer acceptable.
This is a great story.  Thanks for sharing it.  One thing you might want to be aware of, though: "the short hairs" is generally considered to be a euphemism for "pubic hair."  (A quick internet search confirms that this is in fact the standard definition.)  You might not have wanted to indicate that this was where/how your mother grabbed you.
The honor code at the college where I am a professor explicitly forbids handing in the same assignment to two different classes.  Consequently, doing so is cheating.
But when commanders overturn the verdicts of soldiers who are guilty of sexual assault, there is no good reason.  And it should not be allowed.
Store shopping is a pain.  I prefer buying online.  And I am female.
I have thyroid problems too, and something that has been very helpful to me is the Stop The Thyroid Madness website.  For many people, Synthroid does not help to restore full health.  Our bodies process thyroid hormones differently (medicine has yet to catch up on this point), meaning that we do not efficiently convert T4 to T3, and thus lack energy, motivation, mental clarity, etc. while taking T4 meds.  For anyone taking Synthroid but not experiencing robust good health, I recommend reading through the website and then taking your health into your own hands.  I did, and it has made an enormous positive difference for me.
I've read that eating tart cherriesdaily  (or drinking the juice) will alleviate (or at least mitigate) gout.  Apparently this is a folk remedy that actually works.
You report that this study shows that "people" with a higher resting heart rate will die earlier than those with a lower rate.  Yet the study relied exclusively on male subjects.  What are the implications for heart rate and mortality in women?  We don't know, because men's and women's bodies do not always behave in the same ways, and do not always have the same markers of good health and bad health (e.g., differing signs of impending and of actual heart attacks).  <br/><br/>It is a persistent problem in medicine and science that studies purporting to demonstrate results for "people" are performed only on men.  Please don't support that trend with factually incorrect journalism.  This study shows nothing about "people"; its results apply, as demonstrated, to males.
My blender container--a Vitamix--can't be disassembled for cleaning.  There must be rubber seals at the bottom to prevent the container from leaking.  I do wash it with warm to hot soapy water after each use, and then turn it upside down to air dry.  Am I likely to have the same problems discussed in this article?  If so, is there anything I can do short of dousing the blender with bleach?  
My understanding is that line cooks are paid a living hourly wage, while servers are not: the hourly wage for servers is far below the minimum wage.  Servers do work primarily for tips, while others in the restaurant do not.
What I really long for is a healthy fast-food restaurant with a drive-through window.  Sometimes I'm just in a hurry, or too tired to get out of my car . . . but I still don't want to eat junk.  
To Anne: Actually, making your own is quite inexpensive and can be very reliable.  Read Sandor Katz's blog online--he will tell you exactly how to do it.  I have never once had a failure, and I don't use any fancy equipment.  It's a great way to protect and upgrade your intestinal flora.
The girl may very well struggle with the trauma for the rest of her life.  Even though she was "physically unharmed," she may have PTSD.  You are wrong to underplay the long-term effects of being raped by multiple people, urinated on, treated as a non-human plaything, and treated as the source of all the trouble by many, many people in her community.<br/><br/>Yes, the perpetrators are technically not adults.  But they are only a year or two away.  They should have known better than to treat another human being like a thing.  <br/><br/>You do not have the platform to offer the perpetrators forgiveness.  Only the victim does.
Some testimony given elsewhere has suggested that the girl was given rohypnol, which if true, would account for her being completely passed out for a long time, and for her having passed out despite not having had a great deal to drink.  <br/><br/>Was this factor not raised at all at the trial, and if so, why not?
If I were gay, I would resent the black community's resentment of the comparison between the gay rights and civil rights movements.  <br/><br/>Obviously racial equality is morally and practically important, but so too is equality for LGBTQ folks.  I would hope that those who have personally experienced oppression would be even more aware of the need to end injustice for everyone.
How does some men's suffering make violence against women okay?
When I first read this, I thought it was a good idea.  Some segments of the South have again declared Civil War on the North, calling themselves patriots and once again viciously targeting black Americans.  But after thinking about it, these gun-toting types would like nothing more than a chance to use their guns.  They feed off of the fear and violence. <br/><br/>So I was thinking that under the 1965 law, which enough people have already died for, they should be legally enjoined from entering the polling place.  I mean, this looks like an old-fashioned clan-like conspiracy to violate civil rights.  If they violate the injunction, they go to jail. I think they would understand that (eventually).  
Good question.  It would depend on the state, but depending on the service they need, one form of id would be their social security card.  Some poor people and elderly do not rely on any social services.
I agree, Matt, and you are right to give the facts.  But he is speaking as an elected representative, and so he should know more about the actual conditions of the people he represents, rather than spouting only what he assumes he knows about people who are not male, white, able-bodied, middle-aged, and privileged like he is.  
I suppose the point here is that banning is being actively used to promote certain ideals and I for one think that it is a dangerous trend comparable to the maxi-mini laws popping up all over the place.  I may agree with the ban, but I am not sure, like the writer, if a 'ban' is the right way to do it. <br/><br/>You may agree with some of the bans now, but eventually they could change to ban something you think is your right to do - like boating in rivers or driving after certain times, or eating certain things, saying certain things. . .and so on. 
great, so after S. Paiin who completely shifted the right with crazy ideas, we get a devout 'tea-party' privatization guy who is young and will influence the right for a generation.  Can we just get the old neo-cons back? At least they were clear. . .these guys are deranged.<br/><br/>In all seriousness, I think Romny should try to find the conservative core - not bow down to the most radical fringe group within that core.  Core does not mean fundamentalist, it means centrist.
it is simple really - public works build infrastructure and improve the economy and livelihoods of the people. Japan and Germany both have extreme weather, harsh winters hot summers floods and catastrophes.  It is an expensive investment that lasts for generations - and the infrastructure in the US has a very strong 1950s feel to it - because it is half a century old. <br/><br/>it is time to stop penny pinching and invest in better roads, a smart grid, and high speed trains.  If you don't then you will just spend more money patching the network up all the time - and that is delays, reliability, confidence and ultimately more cost - you invest now for the future.  But  with such a short political life cycle and people who think the world is going to end anyway - foresight is not an American strong suit.
A lot of conspiracy theory and overall distrust of the U.S. government here and unfounded.  I am sure the US has their intelligence agencies working on the Syrian boarder - but so is every other intelligence agency - it is their job to find out what is going on in Syria and they have an obligation to figure that out.  Beyond this, they are tasked with answering the basic question: who are these Free Syrians? Is this tribal, racial, religious, sectarian, regional - it is a combination of all these things, but it is their job to figure out what is what.<br/><br/>I think the US would rather have a UN security council resolution and go in in support of Turkey and Europe (they have a much larger stake in the region) and run logistics and support for an international peace/security force.  But the UN is a dead end, and the Saudis, the Turks, the Russian and  the Chinese are all already supplying arms to one side or the other - it is not a for profit thing - it is Geo-politics.  The xenophobia in a lot of comments is upsetting really - people are dying and we have an obligation to end a civil war that is destabilizing an already volatile region even further.   <br/><br/>Distributing arms in the region is the last thing the US wants to do, and I think it is commendable that it has not happened in a major way yet. But it is also clear that there are a lot of weapons pouring into Syria right now.  So who is untrustworthy or meddling in Syria? well, everyone is.
perhaps it is time to think about shifting the line a little - legalize some drugs and discourage the use of others?
If you want to hear the Syrian government's point of view you should look for Syrian state TV/Radio - they have it and there are bits in English (very little) and if you are in NYC, you can always find a translator, in NYC you can find just about anything.  The point is - they are shouting about how all this is being done by Al-Quaida o Israel or the US (I.e. convenient scapegoats used everywhere).<br/><br/>As for what changed - well - Assad and his papa were bad, but there was no wholesale shelling of cities. There was a very small (dedicated but small) and powerless set of fractured voices (some religious, some tribal, some racial, some regional) that have now all started to pour through the cracks (but still remain divided).  He went from an oppressive monarch to a mass murderer - that is what changed.  He was never treated with warmth, just with respect as the sole leader (lifetime) of Syria - and as the sole leader who does not need to worry about opinon poles and re-election, as a man that could someday come to peace with Israel, mediate in Lebanon, and become a major positive force in the region (like Egypt after Camp David). Dictators like Assad can take bold political steps.  If anything, it is the Russians and Chinese that are stuck in the realist paradigm here. . .
There is a real desire to 'go back to more simple times' in the US public, and I for on, am disappointing that a lot of people fail to see how different the new Russo-US relationship is.  But just because the Russian Federation is not in ideological opposition does not mean, like a lot of US analysts believed in the the late 80s, that they would agree on everything.It is surprising how many times the Us has been down this false logic in the past, with France in the 50s, with Israel in the 70s, with Russia in the 90s, and Iraq now - and every time history repeats itself, the price goes up.  <br/><br/>What the US and Western Europe need to contend with is that consensus will only become more difficult to achieve using international bodies - this is heralded by many as being a good thing since the lack of consensus is important to a democracy. Sadly, this also means that meaningful action and long term planing go out the window. So it is really up to the western public to make up their minds - do they want to simply accept that as the most dominant social, political, and economic force they have a larger stake in stability, peace and the propagation of the status quo, and are willing to act unilaterally in places like Syria or Georgia or Asia for a higher cause and take the label of being imperialists or do they want to build consensus with parties that do not agree and have a very metric.  Consensus is Syria and Tibet, Empire is Afghanistan and Iraq, there is no abstention.
The law is going to have to truly be blind on this one.  No matter how deplorable the shooting was, if Zimmerman acted within th bounds of the law - then he cannot be convicted.  if people have a problem with 'stand your ground' laws(as I do) then let this be something to overturn those laws and better define them. <br/><br/>It is a cold thing to say for sure - that a young man is shot for no apparent reason. But the racial politics and the impartiality of the public will only make it harder to accept the final verdict.  Zimmerman may be charged for disobeying a an officer of the law, but murder 1 will most likely not stick.<br/><br/>If you don't like that, blame the law.  As much as it hurts to say that, the impartiality of the law outweighs my personal opinion about the law.  And that is why I vote against these kinds of laws and don't support politicians who do.
I read your tech posts with the same skepticism that I do propaganda. Your review is not a review in any critical way but a full heated endorsement from someone who clearly considers himself an early convert.<br/><br/>You used to be a little more reflective, but since the Iphone, its just a love affair with apple products.<br/><br/>Granted, it is a well crafted, fine looking, well engineered device to be sure, but you neglect to mention in a comparative way the cost, the lack of modability, the lack of a USB drive, still no flash (sorry, flash is huge - and it is time apple stop denying people a huge part of the web that uses it).<br/><br/>Overall, apple products still account for 3 to 7% of the global internet in terms of access.  This is hard to imagine on a collage campus in the U.S. perhaps - but to many of us looking in the whole thing seems a bit. . .over-zealous.<br/><br/>(puts on fire suit)
nice to see some more realism about how minor the changes are and th marketing strategy that apple employs.  Many people, notably people like Pogue, are far too enthusiastic about apple products and need to get a reality check - the price is simply too high still for what you are getting.  <br/><br/>Of course I expect people to disagree - but I suppose as someone who does not live in the U.S. the idea of consumer cult really scares me a lot.  And in Japan where I live, we have many consume cults - but not with the same suspension of reason that I keep hearing over and over again from U.S. apple fans.<br/><br/>If I were waiting on buying an Ipad with some degree of expectation, I would be disappointing really. . .no usb, no flash, not much modability outside of 'approved apps' - to me its a very good looking prison technologically.<br/><br/>Many people are waking up in the handheld market, I hope that the same consumer savvy and expectation transfers to the tablet market.
I wonder if the deal involved Japan and South Korea in the discussion of if this was unilateral.  If it was unilateral, then it sets a dangerous precedent in light of a host of issues surrounding DPRK and the investment the region has made.  Seemingly a breakthrough for the US, but full of possible backlash unless the other parties were kept in the loop.
How about religious activism where people, not even an elected body, is telling me (or anyone) who they can and can't marry based on gender. . . If California or any other state decided that interracial marriage, or international marriage should be illegal how is that different - without resorting to Leviticus.<br/><br/>Sometimes the courts need to step in and keep the secular nature of law honest.
If the UN SC gets the green light to go in and stop this - the U.S. will be at the forefront, along with GB, France, Germany and some Arab countries. The popular press will label this as some sort of imperialism, but the alternative is worse - its 5k civilians now and rising - and from what I read - there is no reliable tally after 5k because the UN stopped counting.
If the 9th C. court ruling is upheld before the Supreme Court - then that will finally put this issue to rest once and for all and grant equal rights to homosexuals.<br/><br/>The theological argument against it will not stand in what is supposed to b a legal secular society that recognizes equal rights - and just wait when future documentaries look back at this period in history and condemn us as a whole for supporting something as ridiculous as the segregation of sexual orientation.  Next is going to be the fight for the right to adopt, and that too will be resisted with tens of millions of dollars - and also ultimately fail to stop this civil rights movement of our day.
Sources before you make conjectures.
So I assume Genocide (civil war), or internal cleansing (internal matter) should also not merit intervention?<br/><br/>I suppose the real question is - how many people need to die before you think the international community should intervene, and by intervene, I mean, sanctions and a weapons embargo here.  Or did you not read the draft resolution.<br/><br/>Or to put it more figuratively - how many people does it take to make mass murder?
this is typical style of middle east policy argument where because country X does something bad, its ok because Israel exists and does this bad things.<br/><br/>The Israel/Palestine conflict has nothing to do with Syria, the Syrian people are not revolting against their government because of Israel or the U.S. or any other country, they are revolting because their conditions of living, their ability to express their political sovereignty has been taken from them.  You may have an opinion on Israel, but that should not inform your opinion on all matters related to the middle-east.  It seems that anytime anyone criticizes a Iran or Syria or Pakistan or China, the first thing people argue is the U.S. this or Israel that - but that does not acknowledge the issue, it is deflecting it, and perhaps a sign that scapegoating still works.  Stop blaming others and take the issue at hand for what it is.  And internal Syrian movement for democracy and freedom like Egypt, Tunisia, and Libya.  And why does China or Russia get to deny them that? I would say that is as bad as the U.S. giving it to them (which is not the case). 
Another disappointing show of conflicting interest from the UN.  While the mission and ideal is fine, it is incapable of actually resolving or acting to prevent or arrest this sort of thing.  A non-intervention policy is a non-policy, it is a cop out.  Sure, I understand countries like China fear international intervention, since despotic powers always fear greater powers - but really - I agree with Ambassador Rice that Russia and China have not made a good argument and are on the wrong side of history.  Fear perhaps that they see their own power slipping.<br/><br/>At least organizations like ASEAN are honest enough to recognize that there is no enforcement or treaty potential in international diplomacy - why should the UN keep pretending if they cannot stop something as clear as this.
go get them Giants!
Some people here argue that U.S. progressive policies have failed, rather, I would ask them to take a look at the systematic dismantling of social policy and social security since the 80s and compare them to Canada and Continental Europe which have ramped up welfare. Some people argue that market forces, if left unchecked would give more opportunity, but the data clearly points to the opposite fact. If those people wanting someone like Ron Paul to take office think that the poor and undereducated can compete without help are living a delusion - and while I stand to profit from that bad decision, i cannot help but wonder who convinced all these people to take this path. The idea that society is a shared responsibility and everyone needs to chip in to make it as equitable as possible seems to be lost in the U.S. and when I do suggest that to some people - I get called a communist.  Very odd indeed!
4.8 bil vs. 14.9 bil - soon to be most powerful economy? Sounds like the 80s with Japan all over again with this fear mongering.  <br/><br/>I more find it funny that china is pointing out 2,500 troops to north Australia. U.S. strategic interest in the region is high, if china is so worried, ask the auzzies to let them build a base.  2,500 is a very very small number - probably there for training.  But the doves hoot.
representative democracy =/= direct democracy.
as a history and philosophy teacher - I find the division between lineral and conservative to be questionable. But people who were raised in protistant enviornments, especially very religious ones are almost impossible to teach and I recommend they go to the social sciences or the hard sciences where there is more obvious methodology.  I cannot fight a student who rejects a philosophical system because it calls into question their personal beliefs.  Liberals are also inclinded to reject, but given the choise, they at least give the idea a chance - and thats all I need to work with.<br /><br />So its not bias on the part of the institution or subject - its the bias of the student that starts the ball rolling.
Chinse nationalists can claim whatever pre-history they want concerning the disputed islands - the issue was turned into a territorial dispute by savy politicos in the political office in bejin.  the chinese captain was not being tried for crossing into japanese waters (that would have been simple expultion) but rather that he actually fired on the Japanese coast-guard.  i don't care who you are, if you fire at the coast guard of any navy, then shoot off in a high seas chase and get caught, then you should be tried for that agression.  To bing up the whole history of the sino-japanese war everytime something happens is becoming a bore.<br /><br />'Diaoyu Island belongs to Chinese territory hundreds years before the Communists took over China, and that's part of the reason that Taiwan also claims for it.' - this is the error of logic, the 'chinese' also claimed Vietnam, Korea, and Japan as theirs 100s of years before the Communists took over - historical claim is always dubious.  Taiwan does not claim them, the only reason anyone argues that is because by extention it would make it a chinese claim.  Please, stop being a mouth peice for the central government.
I would not mind a ban on smoking outdoors if the city would give buisness' the choise on whether to be smoking or non-smoking.  As it stands, I cannot smoke in a bar, I cannot smoke in the park, I cannot smoke on the sidewalk. .  basically I cannot smoke unless I drive to another state.  So I am packing my bags.  I was raised with the toughest people in the world - the avarage new yorker could take anything - now its a city full of people who werre not raised there and want their idiotic social norms imposed on everyone else.  Can't stand the smoke? cross the street, take a detour, just stay inside.<br /><br />Also, if you have a lung condition - move to Vermont.  NYC is a city - its full of cars, trains, bus' and such - the small amount of cigarate smoke you get outside is really not going to hurt  you anymore then crossing the street anytime of day in the city.  Its scary to think that LA has more lax laws concerning cigarate smoking then NY. Wherever these self-procalmed new yorker transplants from the sub-burbs come from, I would appriciate them stoping their mission to 'fix' the city.  It was fine as it was.  Well, I guess its time to pack my stuff and move out west where pot will be legal and I can have a cigaratte without some hypocodriac blaming me for all their imaginary illnesses.
You're right -- with Cruz, it is disingenuous demagoguery.  But because of powerful right-wing media and financial backers, he thinks he'll get away with it.   And guess what?  That's exactly what Hitler did, speaking of Nazis: <a href="http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/03/early-warnings-how-american-journalists-reported-the-rise-of-hitler/254146/" title="http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/03/early-warnings-how-american-journalists-reported-the-rise-of-hitler/254146/" target="_blank">http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2012/03/early-warnings-how-a...</a><br/>It is truly disturbing how often some right-wing politicians and pundits invoke the Nazis as a smokescreen to besmirch opponents (Cruz, Glenn Beck) when many of their political and rhetorical tactics to get power come straight from the Hitler/Goebbels propaganda playbook.  You can look it up: <a href="http://www.historians.org/projects/giroundtable/Propaganda/Propaganda1.htm" title="http://www.historians.org/projects/giroundtable/Propaganda/Propaganda1.htm" target="_blank">http://www.historians.org/projects/giroundtable/Propaganda/Propaganda1.htm</a>
The Tea Party members and their ilk are not "reactionary conservatives."  They are radical reactionaries.
WE have to lead the charge.  In addition to expressing our frustration in these comments, we have to write, email and call our elected representatives as relentlessly and as often as the NRA does.  We have to write to businesses and withhold our dollars, like the couple who described their letter to Walmart.  We have to stop acting like sheep in front of our screens and start acting like citizens.
How can you and other researchers publicize the hidden but massive costs imposed by inflexible workplace management so that managers learn to do better by their employees?  The short-term emphasis on benchmarks and cutting costs, at the longer-term expense of institutional health, employee wellbeing, customer service and societal balance is very destructive.
War is hell, both for combatants and for civilians caught up in it.  For another account of Civil War battle, by a young girl who lived through the three days of fighting at Gettysburg, see Tillie Pierce's account: <a href="http://digital.library.upenn.edu/women/alleman/gettysburg/gettysburg.html#III" title="http://digital.library.upenn.edu/women/alleman/gettysburg/gettysburg.html#III" target="_blank">http://digital.library.upenn.edu/women/alleman/gettysburg/gettysburg.htm...</a>
You have your facts wrong, especially your claim that these men are being tried "based on her say-so alone."  She didn't remember most of what happened; she found out because they and their friends were making comments about her on Twitter.  At least one of THEM told her he had had sex with her, although she was so drunk she could hardly stand and she may have been unconscious during at least some of what occurred. <br/><br/>The football players also broke several rules just by having this off-campus house, by hosting parties there, with all the under-age drinking, etc., which set the stage for this kind of assault.    How, then, are they not to be held responsible under your theory that she put herself in this position?  Assaulting an unconscious colleague is hardly what we have a right to expect from future military officers who are being educated at no cost to them but at huge taxpayer expense.  
A common theme in all of these red-flag incidents is that police officers unilaterally concluded that they did not need to take further action.  They bought the explanations he gave them, in spite of statements of concern by people who knew him better than they did, like the female neighbor in Texas whose apartment he shot into after a dispute. Is this another symptom of favoring gun rights over others' rights to be safe?<br/><br/>Kudos to the sergeant in Newport who at least tried to alert the naval base police by faxing over the latest reports -- but why on earth didn't the regular police take Alexis to a psychiatric ward as an involuntary commitment?  Sadly, the answer probably has something to do with the time and bother of doing so.  Twelve families have now paid the ultimate price for other people's decisions:  to sell this man guns, to allow him to keep his guns after troubling incidents, to not bring charges against him in those earlier incidents, to let him stay in his hotel and return to DC instead of taking him for psychiatric treatment.  When will this stop?  Why can't we have a system that might allow family members of people with these kinds of mental disorders to safely alert authorities, and get their relatives help?  Why can't we prevent someone like this from buying guns??
Almost a billion dollars a year, actually, according to the Urban Institute, which has tried to generate data about the economic costs of gun violence. <a href="http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/13/taxpayers-gun-violence_n_3915434.html" title="http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/13/taxpayers-gun-violence_n_3915434.html" target="_blank">http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/13/taxpayers-gun-violence_n_391543...</a>
There WERE people onsite with guns, including the guard whom the shooter shot and whose gun he then took and used to shoot more victims.
Maybe Congress will be more inclined to act because the little kids and their teachers were far away in Connecticut and this happened close to Capitol Hill.  But maybe I'm being too cynical ...
This is Teaching with a capital T!  And it's not just the drama teachers who reach out and rescue kids; some of us introverts in large public high schools would never have gone near a stage, even with a kind guide like Mr. Volpe.  So thank you, Ben Gordon, Joanna Ecke, Warren Allen Smith -- the English Lit teachers who taught many of the same lessons about literature and the soul, who told shy kids that they were good writers, who took us to see the best live theater in NYC, who made sure we were included in the literary magazine clique.  We don't forget.
I hope to be able to move into a nice continuing care community where I can live independently as long as possible then transition to more assistance as I need it.  I plan to make this move by the time I am 75, as I have seen how hard it is for people to move homes after about that age, both mentally, emotionally and physically.
There should be some recourse for families against doctors and health care facilities that put their financial motives ahead of a patient's and family's wishes, and serious professional consequences.  And the adjudicators should not be fellow members of the medical "guild."
E, I hope you and other young doctors will lead the way toward end-of-life care that is more compassionate and less focused on generating reimbursable procedures.  Best of luck to you!
LIke many commenters, I am bewildered as to why President Obama would consider nominating Larry Summers instead of Janet Yellen.  However, the higher up leaders are, the more the "aides" around them manage them and manipulate their decision-making inside the bubble.  Summers has powerful friends in DC and he is clearly pulling all the levers at his disposal.  I am writing to the White House and my Senators and Senator Warren to oppose Summers' nomination but I'm not optimistic.  He's an arrogant, power-hungry academic with no understanding -- and no desire to understand -- the impact his ideas have on other people if implemented.
Fascinating article, and I find much of it persuasive, but some of this also strikes me as a repackaging of ideas that have been around a long time.  Montessori schools accomplish many of these "social-emotional" learning goals; they've been around for a century.  Dr. Angeline Lillard of UVA has written about how modern science has finally figured out how to measure what Dr. Montessori developed through observation.<br/><br/>A hallmark of Montessori education is the creation of an environment that nurtures the whole child and encourages children to develop independent self-regulation.  Even very young children take responsibility for their classroom environments and are taught and aided to do so.  Notably, Montessori education does not just focus on teaching the children -- it is also focused on teaching the teachers, who will model the behaviors and attitudes sought in the children.  None of this is cheap, fast or easy.  But Montessori education was not developed solely for the upper classes -- Dr. Montessori pioneered her methods and concepts in a school that was set up as daycare for poor children of working parents.
"He wants to put his imprint on all of Africa. When I spoke to him recently, he claimed that is exactly what has been happening, thanks to more than $100 million in loans from the Islamic Development Bank. But when I looked at the press release announcing the scale up in Uganda, the money involved was less than $10 million  a pittance, really, and unlikely to transform the country."  How is Mr. Sachs' statement, then, not just an outright falsehood?  Or maybe he believes it to be true, in which case isn't it an egotistical delusion?  Neither of these possibilities inspires confidence ... It seems to me that a less grandiose focus on basics like potable water; education for all, including girls and women; and ending entrenched mistreatment of girls and women would go a long way.  See <a href="http://www.thegirleffect.org" title="www.thegirleffect.org" target="_blank">www.thegirleffect.org</a>.
Thank you for this analysis of one of the greatest speeches in American history, and for putting it into context.  Part of the emotion that infuses the speech was Dr. King's own decade-long knowledge, in 1965, that he was in fact putting his life on the line and that others, people he knew, had already died for this cause.  Many in his audience shared the experience of knowing people who had suffered in their attempts to claim their rights, or had suffered themselves, and they responded deeply.  This is the difference between what people dismiss as "mere rhetoric" and great oratory, which approaches prayer.
You are right -- except that in your analogy, the person doing the hiring also cares about the quality of the work.  My experience is that the people running most workplaces these days are the financial executives who have little or no customer/client contact.  They DON'T care about the quality of the work.  And they're not going to stay with any one company long enough for the long-term damage of their cost-cutting and corner-cutting to become apparent.  They will move on to their next employer, having made themselves look like short-term wonders.
No, it's not -- people who earn their J.D. already HAVE a bachelor's degree.  Don't be such a Ph.D. snob, and please keep your inter-faculty resentment under control.  You're better than that.  I have never understood why those with Ph.D. degrees are so bitter toward people with J.D. degrees, and then convert resentment into condescension.  But as you're a psychologist, you probably know why.
You are exactly right, and the single biggest cost is the compensation of the law faculty.  It's fixed because they have tenure and their pay is never rolled back (and it is set by a meaningless comparison to pay in the private sector, where most of them couldn't and don't want to practice).   I don't hear any of these high-minded professors calling for reform also offering to give up their highly paid, lifetime job security.
We live in a deeply misogynistic society, in spite of the high-profile career successes of some women.  Thank you for shedding some light on another aspect.
I have been told that this is related to the fact that hospitals try to hire the least expensive nurses they can, as opposed to the best.  I know of one excellent university nursing school that has trouble getting its well-educated graduates hired by the university teaching hospital affiliated with its medical school, because they are "too expensive."
Let's not forget Yale's famous "secret societies" like Skull &amp; Bones, home of the Bush dynasty.   Then a lot of them "grow up" and graduate to the Bohemian Grove, where powerful men consolidate their power over "boys-will-be-boys" hijinks.
You are so right.  I'd take Eisenhower again over the clowns masquerading as today's leaders of the GOP. 
Um, the whole "kid hit by a meteor" thing was a hoax. 
Depends strongly on the pedagogical reason for (or purpose of) the assignment.  If the reading assignment is meant to develop reading skills (e.g. recognizing words on a page, developing focus and ability to read more quickly), then the book needs to be read in the traditional way -- on paper.  If the reading assignment is meant to engage or familiarize students with certain works of literature, or the purpose is to conduct analysis of the book (e.g. examining plot, characters, foreshadowing, etc.) then the audiobook would be an entirely acceptable alternative.<br/><br/>If the summer reading doesn't have a well-defined pedagogical purpose, then it's just busy work and you're over-thinking how you fill out the list...  
Just a crazy idea - but why not just drink in moderation and then avoid the hangover altogether? Also, this sounds pretty much like snake-oil -- why to make a buck off the gullible... 
Don't like fees, switch banks.  Let me suggest USAA.com, which is the best bank *ever*!!!
How does she do it?  I'm guessing money.  A really well paying and flexible job will go a long way in this kind of situation.  Good for her for getting herself set up nicely.  Sadly, we aren't all so fortunate.     
Beautiful! 
Love <a href="http://Amazon.com" title="Amazon.com" target="_blank">Amazon.com</a> gift certificates from Coinstar!  Throw coins in a bowl whenever I get them, and take them to the local grocery store whenever the bowl gets full!  
That's because Pippa's dress looked *so much* more modern and beautiful than Kate's!
Honestly, if one Barbie doll is going to ruin your daughter's future/life, you've got bigger parenting issues to worry about!  While I agree your father should respect your wishes as the parent, I think you're making too much out of the whole situation.  Your child will learn a lot more from *you* than from any single toy.  Don't want to have your kids obsessed with looks/appearance/weight and make-up, then don't be obsessed with those things yourself!  As much as you'd like to believe your child will grow up in a bubble, she will eventually play with Barbie whether you like it or not (at friends' house, etc.), so no point in making Barbie "forbidden" and thus more exciting/exotic than any doll warrants.       
Hope it works out - I've known a few couples who met in a similar way... sadly, it didn't work out for them in the end.  
Good for you!

I have no Ipod and no interest in reading NY Times on my phone.  I just use my computer (I guess I'm old fashion that way)... so for being a relative Luddite I'll have to pay a *$20* per month premium (over and above the base $15 per month)??? Ridiculous.  I'd have subscribed at $5-$10 per month.  Might have considered $15 per month.  Absolutely no way I'll be paying $35 per month!!    
But showering is my favorite part of the day!  So warm and relaxing - I could never give up my showers!
OMG, his kids have to be the *most* ridiculously pampered kids EVER.  Clothes pre-heated for them in the dryer in the morning????  These kids are going to be in for a rude awakening when they grow up and enter the real world and, god forbid, have to do something for themselves!  
Wow, so many possibly confounding factors!  While I'm sure there is a correlation between moving and "negative outcomes," I'm also sure causation has not been proved.  Did the paper, for example, consider the reasons for the moves?  Imagine children in a family that is forced to move because their parents lost their jobs or had other financial problems.  The stress associated with the underlying causes for the move may itself account for the issues later in life!    
Expensive "save the date" cards and invitations!  Come on: $10 or more on a slip of paper that is quite honestly just going to get tossed or thrown into a pile of "important" papers never to be looked at again by the *vast majority* of people you invite!  For our "save the date" cards we used an online service that prints postcards.  We photoshopped our own design and had them printed for a very reasonable price.  Including postage we spent only about $50 on the save the date cards.          
Love my credit cards!  1-5% cash back on everything I buy.  Always pay entire bill off each month so it's free money!! I'm sure the credit card companies hate me... 
Don't have much to add about the subject specifically but wanted to compliment the author on a wonderfully written piece -- made me laugh out loud in several places!! 
How is this bad news for people who are healthy?!?  The people who had their insurance canceled when they got sick were themselves previously healthy!  The whole point of health care is not to take care of the little stuff, but to protect you for the unpredictable... cancer, car accident, heart attack.  Unless you are one of the few in our society who are super rich, any major medical incident can wipe out your savings almost instantaneously.  And if you're concerned about your wallet, don't you realize that no matter what you do (i.e. even if it's not through increases in medical premiums), you'll end up supporting the people who are forced to go bankrupt (because of extremely immoral actions on the part of insurance companies), as these people will end up living off of welfare, social security, etc...  My God, what has happened to basic decency in our society?        
Why don't the authorities in bankrupted California stop wasting time on a stupid iPhone!!
Those commenters who believe that being a professor involves merely a few hours of teaching a week just a few weeks of year apparently have never even been near a real college or university!  Good professors spend a significant amount of time on classroom preparation, serve on multiple committees and spend time advising and mentoring students, writing recommendation letters etc. etc.  Furthermore, they do research and write books and papers and spend countless hours writing grant proposals so that they can support their research and teaching!  Most professors spend *far* more than 40 hours a week on their work and the numbers quoted above do little justice to the fact that many make a paltry wage for the job that they do.
It would all go *so much faster* if people would just take a minute to prepare before actually getting up to the X-ray machines.  While you're waiting in line, get everything out of your pockets and into your carry-on bag (or shove everything into your coat pockets).  Remove your belt.  Remove your jacket. Get your laptop out of your bag. I can't understand why people stand in line for 10-20 minutes staring off into space and then act surprised and befuddled when they finally get up to the machines!!   
Instead of focusing on completely useless, over-sized, single person vehicles why not focus on MASS TRANSPORTATION, which is the perfect solution for megacities!   If mass transportation were efficient and reliable, people would get over their ridiculous attachment to gas guzzling monstrosities.   How 'bout city planning at includes safe bike paths, too?... just saying...        
Checking with USAA.  I can use any ATM I want for free (up to $15 in fees reimbursed per month, which translates to 5-7 transactions, which is more than enough).  Love it!     
Fantastic!  Wish smoking were banned most everywhere.  At the very least, smoking should definitely be banned in any housing units supported by governmental/public assistance.  If people can't afford to pay their own rent, then they shouldn't be wasting their money on cigarettes!  I don't like it when my tax dollars subsidize other people's bad habits!! 
I started washing dishes at a county club at 15. Before that I spent my summers mowing lawns. Although I was a National Merit Semifinalist, the only college my parents could afford to send me was a nearby state university.<br/><br/>Later, when I was awarded a graduate fellowship to an elite private university, I met the kids whose plates I'd washed and whose lawns I'd mowed.  They'd spent their childhood showing horses and taking long vacations abroad. Many had never worked.  Unpaid internships in places like New York City and Paris were the norm.  I felt like I was as smart as them, but I also understood how leisure time and academic success often proceed hand in hand.<br/><br/>Our system isn't egalitarian because rich people don't want their children to have to compete with everyone else's children. Their behavior is selfish and the system is unfair, but we live in a selfish society. The greatest irony in my experience was that as a white male I was taught that I was privileged by my race and gender (and that was undeniably true in terms of race). But nobody ever talked about class. That subject was taboo. I've been told that after former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor gave a speech at West Point in the early 1980s, she refused to answer any questions that included the word "class." I can't imagine what her childhood must have been like, growing up on her father's 300 square mile ranch. I'm thinking it must have been lovely.
Thanks for blowing the whistle on Steven Pinker's unsettling display of hubris. I enjoyed reading several of Pinker's books about language and the brain, but his recent forays into fields beyond the realm of linguistics have left me with that queasy feeling I get whenever I pass by the scene of a car-wreck. Pinker's view of history is simplistic and whiggish (past bad /present good / future better), and his zany optimism about the potential for perfecting human nature strikes me as naive and definitely fails to jibe with the views expressed by his purported hero Thomas Hobbes.
If you feel like you need a gun to enter places like grocery stores and restaurants, that's a sign of paranoia.<br/><br/>A gun nut stood behind me in line at the grocery store a few weeks ago. He was too obese to have been a cop, and even if he were a cop, he obviously wasn't on duty because he was with his wife and two young children. He didn't look like a criminal, but he did seem paranoid.
I did the exact same thing two years ago in my college classes, and I experienced the exact same response.  It came as a relief to most students, including the tech-savvy ones.<br/><br/>The only complaints came from students reporting violations.  One group of students photographed the test with a wireless spy pen and then listened through tiny, wireless earpieces for the answers that were returned to them via their smartphones in their backpacks.  Without a tip from another student, I'd never have imagined what they were doing.  They were scholarship athletes.<br/><br/>I also received several complaints about a young woman sitting near the back of the classroom who was distracting the students around her by constantly streaming videos.  I asked her to put her tablet away several times, but she would pull it back out as soon as my attention turned to something else.  She departed at the mid-term after having done no better than guessing on the multiple choice questions on the exam--and that's extremely rare.  The essays were left blank. <br/><br/>Finally, I noticed a student who tightly palmed his iPhone and defended it with the same intensity that little children defend their pacifiers--even during tests.  He was smart and didn't need to cheat, but having to complete a test without his iPhone left him visibly distressed. His mother was on the other end.<br/><br/>There are a lot of us who are skeptical of introducing tablets into k-12.
I completely agree.  I purchased a tablet last year.  I had it for a couple of weeks and only used it for 3 or 4 hours tops before I noticed that the screen was cracked.  I have no idea how that happened. Google sent me a replacement but didn't mention that ASUS would blame me for the crack.  So I ended up getting tricked into paying to replace a product that I regard as one of the stupidest purchases I've ever made.<br/><br/>I still haven't found any uses for my tablet apart from playing Candy-crush and streaming Youtube.  Typing on it is a waste of time. Tablets are designed for the passive consumer. To get work done you need a computer.
Here in Kentucky the exact same people that are pushing for market-based solutions to the so-called crisis in public education are also seeking to block the adoption of national standards for teaching science because they include topics like evolution and climate change.<br/><br/>Who are these people? Tea Party Republicans who can't make sense of the world without turning to FOX News. Just today our governor courageously defended the national science standards despite a legislative committee having voted to reject them by a margin of 6 to 1. The vote broke on party lines with one Democrat abstaining and another Democrat absent.
I usually agree with most of what you write, Ken, but your description of events in 1973 seems a bit off base.  The US rushed aid to Israel in 1973 to help them stave off a sudden attack launched by Syria and Egypt.  Fearing the economic consequences of the war, our European allies refused to allow American supply planes to pass through their air space.  The holdout fascist regime in Portugal finally allowed passage over the Azores.<br/><br/>Kissenger also put the world on nuclear alert for the first time since the Cuban Missile Crisis, which is a fact not known by many Americans but surely not lost on Vladimir Putin. Already reeling from the catastrophe in Vietnam, the sudden surge in oil prices made 1973 a grim year for Americans and brought an end to what some economic historians now refer to as Western Europe's "miracle years" (1945-1973).
German students whose parents have moved to Chattanooga, Tennessee to work in the new car plant there have not outshone the local kids. That's just an anecdote, albeit a true one.<br/><br/>Diane Ravitch's new book is a thoughtful study of a complex issue by the leading expert in the field.  It deserves a wider audience.  Thanks for mentioning it, Mary.
Yes, the students are being cheated by online education, and they in turn cheat in these courses at a scandalous rate. I've met wives who've taken courses for their husbands, and graduate students who advertise that they'll take a course for the same price as the textbook ($150). Some of the students pay with their own money to take these courses, but often it's Uncle Sam who picks up the tab.
I agree with your description of online students as non-traditional students, but I don't think online courses are meeting their needs. Retention rates are awful, which means poor people are being saddled with debt for a worthless transcript. Lowering standards allows more to pass, but that has undermined the traditional classroom.  Last semester I was told that my class was too hard compared to its equivalent online, which could be completed in two weeks with a guaranteed A.
"Last spring, he didnt go to class on the A&amp;M campus but instead took all online courses."<br/><br/>Manziel isn't even attending classes at A&amp;M! I seriously doubt he did the work in the online courses.  He may have been sitting at the computer, but I bet he had somebody sitting next to him feeding him the answers.<br/><br/>Pay the players.  Let them enroll in college if that's how they want to spend their money.  Don't force the players to go to class or enroll in online courses, because that devalues the education that the other students are going into debt to receive. Urge the universities sell their licensing rights to professional sports organizations. Make it legal for the players to organize to negotiate their salaries and working conditions. Provide players with disability and workmen's compensation benefits. Require that student activity fees be made optional so that students who don't attend sporting events are no longer forced to help pay for them.<br/><br/>Without serious reforms, all we have to look forward to is more of the same, which is poor black men making hundreds of millions of dollars for rich white men who don't have to play by the same rules. Sitting out 30 minutes against Rice? That speaks volumes.
David, you supported the war in Iraq that ignited this "perfect storm." Our invasion actually brought Shia and Sunni together against a common enemy for a while (attacking our soldiers), but then Bush gave up on installing a puppet regime and starting talking democracy to buy himself some time. The result, thanks to a Shia majority in Iraq, was that we created an ally for Iran and spread chaos across the region with a mass exodus of Iraqis fleeing into Syria and other nearby states.  All this was predicted by the "legendary" Ryan Crocker in 2002, but your colleague Paul Krugman and millions of marchers in demonstrations staged all over this planet were saying the exact same thing.  Sadly, you and your neo-con buddies thought blood for oil was a good idea. You have no credibility on this topic. Please write about something else.
I agree with your comment about the Occupy Movement but would like to remind you that a woman from <a href="http://MoveOn.Org" title="MoveOn.Org" target="_blank">MoveOn.Org</a> was thrown to the ground and kicked in the head by Tea Party members.  The attack occurred on October 26, 2010 prior to a debate between Rand Paul and Jack Conway, the Democrat candidate Paul subsequently defeated in that year's Senate race.<br/><br/>The violence was captured on video and denounced by both candidates.
Professor Fish knocked this one out of the park.<br/><br/>Even if instructors monitor the discussion boards 24/7, discussion boards aren't really discussions. At least so far as the humanities are concerned, reading a good book like Huxley's "Brave New World" is time better spent.<br/><br/>Bill Gates, who dropped out of college and became the world's richest man by creating and fiercely protecting a monopoly, has now offered a revolutionary new model for a college education, and soon students will be receiving answers to all their questions from a phone rep in Bangalore.
Brooks also ignored Thoreau, whose "Essay on Civil Disobedience" inspired both King and Gandhi. An ardent abolitionist, Thoreau went to jail in protest to the Mexican War. Thoreau doesn't fit into Brooks' religious paradigm.  He was no friend of the Yankee preachers who joked that the Indians ought not be so resistant to Christianity, since it taught that believers couldn't work on Sunday's only--and the Indians never worked at all (Congregation. Laughter). Thoreau noted that on Monday mornings the only people at the ferry crossings were jailbirds and preachers.<br/><br/>I always groan when faced with the absurd precision of Brooks' social data (e.g., a 26% success rate for violent revolutions between 1900 and 2006).
I wasnt around for the days of John L. Smith, but I witnessed the changes from coaches Petrino through Kragthorpe to Strong. Class attendance on ESPNs weekday game nights was dismal, especially during winning seasons, and in 2006, the year Petrino's team won the Orange Bowl, his players almost never attended my morning class.  I figured he would be departing for another job, and he did. Petrinos successors, Kragthorpe and Strong, were much better on this score, and Strong's decision to stay at Louisville after being offered the job at Tennessee was a key moment in Louisville's rise.  But so was Petrino's Orange Bowl victory, and Im glad your report noted the importance of that season. I doubt whether some of Petrino's players realized what was happening until after their transcripts were all but ruined.<br/><br/>Papa John's Stadium seemed like a fiasco after Petrino departed.  I remember walking to teach class one brisk autumn evening and seeing the stadium all lit up for ESPN game night--and the upper deck was all but empty.  A few moments later I was in front of nearly 100 students using a computer at the podium that crashed again and again throughout the semester. If a tenured professor can complain that the resources available to him relative to those available to athletics have been insufficient, just imagine the bifurcated existence that adjuncts teaching evening classes have encountered over the past ten or fifteen years. It's hard to compete with football.
Bill and Melinda Gates' dream of revolutionizing education has been a failure because they refused to listen to teachers.  Now they are dreaming about revolutionizing food production with genetically modified foods and refusing to listen to farmers. This fellow became the richest man in the world by setting set up a monopoly,and now he's promoting the likes of Monsanto. Should we be surprised?
Everything Gore said in the interview checked out to be correct. The update was weak and didn't clear the record, as evidenced by some of the comments posted by readers. Thankfully, links were provided for curious readers who might have been confused by the story.<br/><br/>The Union of Concerned Scientists based its criticism of Gore on a misquote.  The transcript of the interview read, "some are proposing that we add category six," and that was a true statement. The misquote stated that "scientists are now adding category six," and that was an untrue statement.  Gore made the true statement.  Gore is not responsible for the untrue statement, because that isn't what he said during the interview.<br/><br/>Concerned Scientists didn't know they were basing their criticism of Gore on a misquote; however, commending Concerned Scientists for their non-partisanship seems a little silly at this point.  After all, it was Concerned Scientists who didn't have their facts straight.
One of the leading voices in the climate-change deniers here in Louisville is an astronomy professor at the local community college. Some students quote this professor's comments to cast doubt on a lot of other things taught at the college, including the seemingly uncontroversial notion that humans first arrived to the Americas during the last great ice age. It used to be that the biology professors took the heat whenever they mentioned natural selection, but everyone else remained pretty safe from these sorts of challenges. The onslaught against reason has grown into a far more comprehensive movement.
It took a week for Rand Paul to rid himself of a senior staff member who bragged that he used to celebrate the birthday of John Wilkes Booth. That episode turned the stomach of a lot of conservative white folks right here in Kentucky (Lincoln was born in Hodgenville, KY).  Rand Paul as a candidate with potential appeal to minorities? Nope.<br/><br/>Russ, I'd love to watch a Tea Party audience react to either you or David Brooks quoting Edmund Burke. They'd dismiss you as a pin-headed liberal. Ditto for Irving Kristol, Allan Bloom, or Daniel Bell. Friedrich von Hayek and Ayn Rand are better names to toss around.  Just don't quote them. That would make you sound liberal.<br/><br/>As for all this fear-mongering about the cost of Obamacare, might I remind you that Americans pay more for healthcare than anyone else on this planet. We elected Obama because we knew that the federal government was the only institution that had the power to step in and break up a corporatist racket.
Joe Lieberman, not Sarah Palin, corrected McCain.
While running for president in 2008, John McCain visited Jordan and Israel and had to be reminded several times by his running mate why the Shia leaders of Iran would not dream of training the Sunni extremists who led  al-qaeda in Iraq. For his part Lindsay Graham is now taking heat from a younger female rival within his own party in South Carolina whose campaign strategy hinges on mocking him for being effeminate. Squirrely as ever, Rand Paul now looks to be the short-term winner of all this chaos.  He's that fellow who is wrong about pretty much everything--except whether or not Obama should have called a coup a coup as soon as it happened. Needless to say, the Republican Party remains utterly dysfunctional.<br/><br/>John Kerry has been a disappointment at State, and Chuck Hagel appears to have made the same blunder Dubya made when he said he had looked into Putin's eyes and declared that he saw a man whom he could trust. I regret that the Egyptian army is bankrolled by American tax dollars, but the one thing that is most certain in my mind is that I don't want my son sent off to fight in a war in the Middle East. The Saudis and Israelis can send their sons to fight in Egypt if they want to, but they need to know that my son and his friends are going to remain at home on this side of the planet.  After all, nobody in Egypt ever referred to them as the other 47%.<br/><br/>This is an excellent but heartbreaking article. Thermidor.  Revolutions devour their own.
The party of Lincoln is dying. Conserving and destroying are different things. As a child I was inspired by Lamar Alexander's walk across Tennessee when he ran for governor. He connected with ordinary people. In more recent years, Alexander has helped save Tennessee's mountains. That's my idea of conservatism. Taking care of things. Respecting your elders. Leaving something for the next generation to cherish.
Praising Bill Gates has grown into a cottage industry.
I can think of some troubling stories that involve the use of machines in the history of  psychology (from shock therapy to lie detectors).  Have their been comparable success stories to offset these accounts?<br/><br/>I understand the appeal of such a machine.  Mental disorders are a well know route toward receiving payments ffrom Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI), and that's especially true for children, with ADHD leading the way.  According to Marcia Angell,  former editor in chief of the New England Journal of Medicine, there was a 35 fold increase in these claims between 1987 to 2007, and I  suspect this trend, what Professor Angell has skeptically referred to as a Mental Health Epidemic, has accelerated since 2007 given the numbers included in this story (9% of adolescents diagnosed with ADHD).<br/><br/>I've heard of families coaching their children on how to be successfully diagnosed, so that the more talented children are at persuading a clinician the they are suffering from the disorder, the higher the benefit paid to their families. What a waste of talent. Wealthier parents, by contrast, are less motivated to seek SSDI payments, but they often see the treatment for ADHD with amphetamines as something that gives their children a competitive edge in the classroom (and those grueling twenty-four rounds rounds in med school are legendary).
While I enjoy Seth's writing, it's a shame that he does so little touring in his own country. There's just so much he's leaving unexplored proverbially in his own backyard.
The 3rd Ave. El in the Bronx was designated the 8 train for a short time before it was eliminated
I believe it was at the intersection of Brighton Beach Ave.and Coney Island Ave. in Brooklyn
When I first read this, I thought it was a good idea.  Some segments of the South have again declared Civil War on the North, calling themselves patriots and once again viciously targeting black Americans.  But after thinking about it, these gun-toting types would like nothing more than a chance to use their guns.  They feed off of the fear and violence. <br/><br/>So I was thinking that under the 1965 law, which enough people have already died for, they should be legally enjoined from entering the polling place.  I mean, this looks like an old-fashioned clan-like conspiracy to violate civil rights.  If they violate the injunction, they go to jail. I think they would understand that (eventually).  
Good question.  It would depend on the state, but depending on the service they need, one form of id would be their social security card.  Some poor people and elderly do not rely on any social services.
I agree, Matt, and you are right to give the facts.  But he is speaking as an elected representative, and so he should know more about the actual conditions of the people he represents, rather than spouting only what he assumes he knows about people who are not male, white, able-bodied, middle-aged, and privileged like he is.  
Boehner has once again shown that he is not a leader, but a panderer.  If the tea party wants changes to the ACA, do it through legislation, not a tantrum that shuts down the government.<br/><br/>The Senate should, and will, reject this garbage and they should attach a requirement that no member of Congress, or their staff, be paid during a shutdown.  In fact, pay should be forfeited, 
"....the official agreed to discuss planning options only on condition of anonymity...."<br/><br/>Well, that's a good thing.  We sure don't want to tip off our plans in advance!<br/><br/>Maybe just telling them our plans will be sufficient and we will not foolishly proceed to actually attack Syria.  There is no winning strategy for us, or the Syrian people.  Why do we never learn from previous mistakes?<br/><br/>Does the bombs away crowd have a plan to pay for this fireworks show or will we just cut food stamps and education another 10 or 20 percent?
Instead of wasting resources on this non-problem, perhaps our Gov. might invest some effort to insure that Florida voters don't have to stand in line for up to 8 hours to vote.  What a creep.
Uh, raising sufficient revenue to pay for their spending plans?  Or, more accurately stated, balancing revenue with expenses.  Clearly, that is a concept that escapes most in our country.....democrat, republican and certainly the tea party types. <br/><br/>This plan is a terrible idea precisely because of the high risk of moral hazard created.  And, as Kurt NY said, every deadbeat entity will pile in, defaults will be large, essentially creating a federal bailout.  Maybe employees should not be faulted for relying on unrealistic promises.  However, their leaders and the politicians that made the foolish promises, in return for votes, and job security, deserve nothing.<br/><br/>The only solution is the simplest....negotiate reductions in pensions, eliminate them for the politicians, including those now, or due, to collect, until the problem is solved by putting revenue and expense on a sustainable path.  Perhaps Detroit could start by asking the state to impose a special tax on those corporations that benefitted from the last government bailout, the auto industry.<br/><br/>Do not look to me, a recently retired small business owner with no pension other than what I saved, to bail out public employees.  I, and millions like me, are still paying for the 2008 bailout in the form of historically low interest rates on savings.  Meanwhile, big banks get money for nothing and record profits for free, thanks in large part to a totally broken tax system that our politicians will not fix.
Good for you Mayor, I hope you are successful reducing the flow of campaign funds to these parasites who cherish nothing more than the political calculus that enhances their odds of feeding, for their entire life, at the public trough.<br/><br/>If we have learned anything these past few years it is that money is one of the few things that moves these people, hatred and ignorance being close behind.<br/><br/>As for the argument that we are better off with these hacks than a Republican majority, really?  But, that is a topic for another day.
Pathetic.  No matter how the NYT tries to shine up her image in an attempt to make the proverbial silk purse out of a sows ear, the fact remains that Quinn is still an arrogant, out of control bully with anger management issues.  She has shown, on more than one occasion, that her own agenda and desires trump those of the voters and citizens and, therefore, remains ill-suited to the task of leading the great city of New York.
Wonderful article, please continue your efforts to educate on this  issue.  Hard to decide which is of more concern and threatening to our long term survival.....GMO food ecosystems or our gutless, corrupt government. 
Dream on....a large group of Americans, those who aspire to be part of the un-intelligentsia, applaud this boorish behavior by the GOP designed to prolong their careers at the public trough.
Well, congratulations are in order, you succeeded.  However, your political predilections are all too common in our country today.  How sad that the crooked Senator and crooked Dr. pal are not in jail.
Goodbye, good luck.  The Senate will, if that is possible, be a better place without him.  I am sure he will not forget to take his fat pension and benefits with him.....just another entitled "conservative" politician....as he bellies up to the trough for his next big multi-million dollar meal.  Who say public service isn't rewarding?
Your process of understanding and working through your difficult emotional reactions is very instructive.  Yes you are helping parents not just to feel less alone or ashamed about having similar thoughts and feelings, but you model HOW to begin being patient and understanding with yourself and HOW to start working through it.  I think your professional training has given you the perspective and skills to do this, and is helping you immensely here in a way you didn't acknowledge in your reflection.  As a mental health professional and a new parent, I can relate to learning about how my professional skills have applied or not to my experience as a parent.<br/><br/>I also can't use boundaries with my child as I would to stay separate from patients' personal dynamics, but that is a good thing because we SHOULDN'T be doing that in (safe and healthy) personal relationships.  In a sense, this is the inverse of the ethical problems involved in providing mental health care to people you know personally.  Family relationships are supposed to be close enough such that every member has a profound and mutual effect on the others... even when it is surprisingly painful and difficult at times.  Keep up with your process and you will get through this with time and experience.  Your whole family dynamic will be more supportive, positive, and resilient over time as a result.
Slow cookers are great in the summer, because that doesn't heat up your kitchen as much as the oven or boiling something on the stove!  I like your point about focusing on the bigger picture too.
I'm glad some readers found the suggestion helpful :)  I also love Mark Bittman's How to Cook Everything!  It's an excellent resource for learning many ways to prepare each kind of food.
Whenever somebody who is new to cooking and meal planning asks me how it's done on a time and cost budget, I always recommend the book, Cheap. Fast. Good! by Beverly Mills and Alicia Ross as a place to start.  It's pretty average food and the recipes tend to be quick and inexpensive and possible for a novice cook.  Somebody with a particular diet or desire for a high dining kind of meal isn't going to like these recipes.  As far as the relative "healthiness" of the meals, sometimes that could be debated.  But for the practicality of just trying to get something basic and acceptable on the table throughout the week, it's a very useful resource.  I still make some of the recipes often, though I've had my copy since 2005!  Beyond recipes, what I think is helpful about this book is the explanation of the strategies of meal planning, shopping, food preparation schedules, how to use the same already prepped ingredients in multiple meals and how to substitute ingredients.<br/><br/>My spouse and I tend to do shopping and a kitchen shift on Sundays to get everything made for lunches through the week and have the ingredients on hand and meals planned for the week.  We tend to plan dinners so we have enough for two nights from each meal, so we cook and clean up only every other day.  We both enjoy cooking separately and together, so the cooking is a fun activity in addition to all the work it takes to eat mostly home made food most of the time.
Another side to this is the need to encourage all fathers to find it "normal" to take care of their kids and do the things you were doing, because frankly many of them don't find this normal.  I agree that the stereotype exists and it's unfair when applied to fathers like you, and can become a self fulfilling prophecy.  But it is based on a strong historical precedent and is still the reality in many families.<br/><br/>Some less involved dads feel awkward and unsure about childcare and quickly give up when it doesn't seem to go as easily as what they see others doing.  Perhaps some fathers would be encouraged to have a more realistic perspective and continue trying if people praised their efforts.
But did your high school work experience help you get better work study positions in college?  Not sure of when you were in college, but I know many current and recent college students who are finding that desirable or even undesirable campus jobs are not a given.  Everyone even at that level would like to see some work experience.
"the best education she possibly can" get may be a lofty goal in light of a simple love of education, but it is NOT a given path to success in employment or adult maturity and self-sufficiency.  Wasn't this misconception (or deception depending on who you're talking to) a major part of the Occupy movement?  All these best educated people who couldn't get a useful job.  Was it because they had no work skills?  Was it because they had inadequate perspective and discernment when choosing a major in college, because they had no experience with anything as teens?
Of the high school extra curriculars I was a part of, I would say my part time job had the most long lasting positive impact on my life.  Basic work skills, like arriving on time, following directions from a boss, dealing with a rude boss, a difficult coworker, or mean customers are all important skills that I see many of my peers now lacking.  It also put me in a peer situation with working class people, which was so very valuable in giving me some perspective beyond my middle class intellectual cohort.  That high school job taught a lot of humility.  There are a lot of things you can tell your kids that they may understand on an academic level, but they won't really "get" it until they've lived it.<br/><br/>It's true that it was a challenge in balancing for me, also a top student.  My parents allowed me to decide what to do.  When I felt like I had too much on my plate, I chose to keep working over some other extracurriculars.  I earned enough scholarships to cover my complete tuition and part of room and board at my state school for undergrad.  I also have a master's degree from the top program in America for my profession.  I also was able to get a professional job related to my degree living in one of the most unemployed cities in America several months after the housing crash.  Considering those accomplishments, it would be hard to say I was harmed by working a little instead of playing soccer etc in high school.
As others have written, I think it's perfectly logical for her to be confused and upset in a scenario where you've told her you can't all be together anymore because the parents aren't happy together, but then spend intentional time together in which the parents appear to be happy together.  She's too little to understand what you mean by "not happy together" as an adult couple, and why being kind and pleasant with one another for a dinner is not the same as being happily married and living together as a family.  <br/><br/>What do you think it means to her if somebody is "not happy" with somebody else?  It could vary a lot based on her experiences.  Regardless, she has now learned that a family member can become "not happy" with another family member and separate.  She might be afraid this could happen to her if one or both parents becomes unhappy with her.  If mom and dad can stop being husband and wife and live apart, then why should she assume mom and daughter or dad and daughter can't do the same?  Obviously this would be a very upsetting fear.  Maybe M has been clearer with her daughter than what she wrote here, but if she hasn't she needs to be.<br/><br/>I don't understand the purpose of these dinners anyway.  It's certainly positive for the parents to be kind, pleasant, helpful, fair, etc with one another but a monthly dinner is not necessary to teach your daughter how to be this way.  She will learn by how you treat everyone and each other in everyday situations.
I think it is very wise to be thoughtful about how you talk about race and prejudice and stereotypes with children to help make sure what you say can be understood at their age and so on.  But you just can't leave it out.  Actually I think using these stories is a great way to introduce these discussions, because you can introduce these ideas in a safe environment where you can be calm and have the time and calmness to ask good questions and offer good explanations.<br/><br/>Whether or not you're telling your child what you believe is right and wrong about these things, other people will be sending messages.  Your child may even assume you agree with whatever he/she sees as "the way things are" through inadvertent and unexamined observations if you do not say otherwise and set a different example.<br/><br/>Think of this.  What if you and your son are at the store and you see a man mock a black customer who did something clumsy by imitating a gorilla, and your son thinks this is funny?  What if he laughs or says something out loud about how funny this is, whether or not he is laughing at the racism in it?  How are you going to address this in this setting, where other people are bound to be upset and looking to see what you will do?  If you had talked about the book, maybe your son would say "dad, I can't believe that man is really acting like a gorilla, it's so awful" or even, "hey mister, you can't treat people that way, it's not right."
I agree with this!
I think the reflections provided by these readers are excellent and spot on!
Wow!  Critical thinking about society's portrayal and expectations of women is so important, but I very firmly believe that these kind of  lessons do not apply to every girl's experience every time.  Without knowing the author's daughter, I cannot guess whether her reaction matched the context of her daughter's wishes or not.  Maybe she did want to wear makeup for all the reasons the author is trying to teach against... but maybe she didn't.  It's not always easy for kids to explain their motivations to an adult, especially when they perceive they are being negatively judged at the outset!<br/><br/>I wanted to start wearing makeup around age 12 and wasn't allowed for a few more years, told simply that I wasn't "old enough." Looking back, I can honestly say all I wanted was to be able to wear the shimmery pastel eye shadows!  I wanted this because I thought shimmery pastels were pretty in general, my friends were allowed and it seemed fun to be able to match the eye shadow to one's shirt and so on.  In the context of my perspective and my peers at that time, that's ALL it was.  I had no interest in being made up like a model or trying to emulate women in music videos and magazines, etc. and no interest in attracting sexual attention.   I have no idea how I would have responded if I had received lecture like the author gave her daughter, but I'm sure it wouldn't have been positive for my relationship with my parent or my understanding of feminism.
I know so many women who did not build a solid history of professional work while young, before or while raising children.  Now that the children are grown, many many many of those women would like to work in a professional capacity because they turned out to need the money and/or a purposeful way to spend time.  Even though they value their memories and experiences from being stay-at-home-moms, they also are unhappy about having to start from the beginning at age 45-55 in education and entry-level professional positions which tend to be lower paid and have more inconvenient job conditions than what is available to people with years of experience.  Many of those women do wish they had done something along a professional path when younger.  Maybe your SIL will never feel like she needs to or wants to work after her kids are grown up, but if she does she will probably have some of "regrets" of her own!
"We may inflict those judgments on one another, but were really judging ourselves. Every accusation is a self-defense, and every defense a self-justification  because no matter how we make our choices (or have life circumstances choose on our behalf) there is no perfect way to balance all of what we want when we want it. That is the biggest conflict of them all. To hang every choice of home over work on the pressure to mother in a certain way seems to me to be missing the pressures that would remain even in the absence of the natural parenting movement."<br/><br/>You said this so very excellently!
The most ridiculous thing I was told by a "pregnancy police" was that I should avoid taking a scenic walk on a vacation because I might "fall and hurt the baby."  This was not a high adventure high impact trail, it was newly paved, and even hardly had an incline!  I'm pretty sure I'm more likely to fall in my own home, trip on an uneven sidewalk, or slip in a spill at the grocery store.
Avoiding food poisoning is a worthwhile effort, pregnant or not.<br/><br/>The thing about food poisoning is I've only ever gotten it from cheeseburgers in restaurants, a few times.  Never from nice cheese, never from sushi, never from medium rare steak, never from soft boiled eggs, which I eat far far more often that cheeseburgers out.  And recent outbreaks show you never know when your spinach or cantaloupe or peanut butter etc could be contaminated.  (wait you're supposed to avoid pb now if you listen to the pregnancy police)  <br/><br/>There is no reason to expect the food supply to be different when you're pregnant.  I have never heard anyone tell pregnant women they can only eat foods they personally cooked themselves to a temperature of 180 degrees F.  Hopefully I am not giving anyone more ideas of things to add to the list...
I like many of the suggestions already offered here.  Here's another thing to try if your son doesn't seem to be able to realize he's dreaming within his dreams and direct the narratives.  You could encourage him to make up new endings after he wakes up.  For example in the monster-faced puddle dream, maybe he can find a giant fan beside him that dries up the water right away, or he realizes the monster face was just a reflection from a nearby movie poster, or it turned out there was a harmless little bug swimming in the puddle but the image was distorted by the surface of the water, etc.  If he likes to draw, he could even draw the new ending.  This could give him a way to feel as if he has closure from the bad dreams and more control over how he feels.  If he's able to describe his dreams in such detail at this age, I think he also would be able to imagine some pretty creative new endings!  
I agree about being careful about using words like mean or sick as an explanation of why she doesn't know this grandma, because a child may attach the consequence (estrangement) to all kinds of other ways of being mean or sick.  She may make this connection and not tell you because she is afraid of what could happen, especially if her mom is the one who gets called mean or becomes sick.<br/><br/>By the time she's old enough to ask questions about this, she should already have some understanding about who is a stranger, that strangers are dangerous and she needs to stay away from them.  You could frame your explanation about this grandma in a similar way.  "We don't see her because we can't trust her.  She might do something really bad to hurt us, like a stranger, so we stay away and we don't talk to her."  If you want to be more specific, I'm sure you could find some children's books that would offer some age appropriate concepts about abuse, maybe even at your library.
I think this is a very sad story because of the way the mother used shame in her efforts.  The mother tried to attach shame to weight for appearances and the child's behavior with food, even when it was pretty iffy to assume the child's behavior was inappropriate for her age.  And then she went further and even tried to attach those things to identity worth as a person overall!<br/><br/>However, I have a lot of hope for Bea because of her comment about being the same person as she was before the weight loss.  I think that's a profound thought for a child that age, let alone anyone of any age who struggles with identity and self worth relating to weight.  I think this is a sign she is rejecting her mother's perspective and that it shows a lot of independent thinking for her age... even if that independence is inspired by stubbornness and an urge to defy her mother at this point more than anything else.  (with a mother who behaves so randomly and hypocritically as that, this seems like a natural response!)  It's a good sign for her resilience. <br/><br/>I don't think Bea is necessarily on a path to lifelong dysfunction.  I know people who came from good and bad (self described) food and weight environments growing up, who have had varied outcomes as adults in terms of health or dysfunction when it comes to food, weight and self image.  There may be a correlation but the direction is not fully inevitable.  Everyone has to figure this out for him/herself as an adult regardless of background.
You don't have to make oatmeal hot.  You can use rolled oats (not instant) or steel cut oats and put them in milk in the fridge the night before.  For myself, I prefer 1/2 C rolled oats plus 1 C milk, plus1 C fruit and a small (like tsp small!) drizzle of honey across the top.  it's not crunchy but has sort of consistency of a bowl of cereal rather than the sticky thick oatmeal.  Steel cut oats are chewier.  This doesn't involve cooking, it just has to be put together the night before rather than poured in the morning.  Blueberries from frozen might be the most fun fruit for kids because they turn it purple!
You can make spaghetti sauce from tomato paste in almost as little time as heating up jar sauce once you know what seasonings and thickness you like.  This way you avoid the excess sugar and salt.  I only put a pinch of sugar in mine!
Allison, you can purchase plain yogurt and put your own fruit/ sweetener in.  If it's meant for lunch away from home, you can put it in small containers.  This way, you add less sugar and can put a whole serving of fruit in if you want.  Yes it is a little more effort, but it even tastes better and should cost you less on top of reducing the added sugar!
I'm surprised that so many people are recommending talking to the girlfriends' parents, as she is 18.  It would be different if she were a minor.  An 18-year-old may not be fully independent or "grown up" but 18 means she is independently responsible to choose or reject medical treatment and has a right to complete privacy of all medical information when it comes to her parents. As a "friendly neighbor" to this girl rather than a health professional, of course D is not bound to things like patient centered care and HIPPA.  But I think she should maintain the same ethic anyway, she should not tell the parents and she should not try to force the girlfriend into an intervention.<br/><br/>I think D can privately and calmly talk to the girlfriend if she wants to.  She should just tell the girlfriend that she has noticed the purging behavior going on for a while and is worried about her health.  If the girlfriend is willing to talk about what she's doing, listen and be kind and calm and mostly listen.  If she's not willing to talk about it, or she just wants to talk and doesn't want to take action, all you can do is let her know you care about her and are willing to help her access care if she decides she wants it.  If she wants you to help, great!  If not, just try to be kind to her over time anyway.  You can't "make" her see her problem and get care if she's not ready to do it.
It has been 50 years since John XXIII departed. Welcome back.
Okay, this has converted me back to the camp that favors tipping. The campaign against leaving tips and including them in the price is a way of removing customer feedback. I do not like it if there is no salt available, even though I only occasionally add any extra. Even the best chefs make mistakes, and a more modest tip is the best way to cajole the staff to tell them to have salt available without the hassle of having to ask for it. 
It is interesting to read so many comments that roundly condemn the government under aliases (when there are any) that are so transparent that Radio Shack rejects could figure them out. Whatever else the NSA has done, it does not seem to have stifled dissent. 
Dismayed in Boston: The mortgage deduction by itself is not a distortion, as you correctly note. The distortion is, as Bruce points out, the absence of a tax on the net imputed rental value of homes. Because taxing imputed value is difficult (though the Swiss manage to do it), most economists (I am of that tribe) think that a second best method of correcting the distortion is to disallow the mortgage deduction. A deduction for first mortgages below a certain amount, say for starter homes, would encourage homeownership by those who need the help and still go a long way toward correcting overinvestment in housing. 
Bruce, I don't quite get this. If people did trade with their neighbors, they would have to be paid an explicit rent whose proceeds (net of interest, maintenance, and property taxes) would be taxable income. Where's the distortion? 
The simple alternative to taxing imputed rent is to disallow the mortgage deduction for homeowners. It isn't as economically elegant as taxing imputed rent (home equity would still be tax-favored), but it would reduce most of the disparities that inefficiently favor homeowners over renters. Allowing renters to deduct would make the capital market distortions worse. 
A fine essay. Professor Jackson's lifelong study of urban history offers an excellent perspective on the need to see New York as an evolving city in a world economy. A city preserved in amber, as the historic preservationists sometimes seem to desire, is inconsistent with New York's history. 
The NFL got off light because the players had such a poor case. The salaries they earned were large in part because football is a dangerous game, and everyone knows it. It's the same reason ironworkers who work on skyscrapers get more money than construction workers who stay on the ground. 
The no-nukes people will win; rational argument will not persuade them. The only realistic response to sea-level rise will be seawalls, stilts, and relocation. The example of the Netherlands demonstrates that you can invest a lot in that kind of infrastructure and still be a wealthy society. 
The depressing part of this article (and many of the comments) is how much it relies on sources whose source of income is a particular cause, like the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism. What would you expect them to say? Oster is an economist, not a statistician, and economists tend to judge policies based on the overall well being of people, not just particular parts of them. Oster seems to be arguing that baby docs should pay attention to the mother's well being, too. 
The claim that taxpayers who do not itemize get no benefit from the charitable contribution deduction is doubtful. If the charitable deduction were eliminated, the standard deduction would probably be reduced. That said, those who use the standard deduction have no extra incentive to contribute to a charity. Maybe the standard deduction needs to be eliminated so everyone has an incentive to itemize and thus contribute to the charities of their choice. 
To depressionbaby: According to Wikipedia, Chicago's murder rate peaked in 1992 and has fallen since then, just like other big cities. Chicago's crime rate is still above New York's, so maybe one could credit stop and frisk for that (though the article said Chicago had adopted some NYC and LA techniques), but the general reduction in crime nationally cannot be attributed to stop and frisk. 
The claim by Mr. Otis that stop and frisk and long prison sentences cut crime is not convincing. Crime has dropped in nearly every big city, even those that have not adopted stop and frisk. Long sentences started in the 1970s, but crime kept going up until 1990. It is time to take more seriously the idea that crime has been reduced by the empowerment of ordinary people with cell phones and cameras, which started to become widespread in 1990. Potential criminals fear a person who can report or photograph them instantly almost as much as they fear a cop with a gun. Of course the phone and photo hypothesis is going to be dismissed by those who are invested in the criminal "justice" system, but if people recognized that the smart phone is more effective than the gun, Trayvon might still be alive. 
ACW reads Animal Farm in a strange way. The animals have accomplished a revolution and live in a socialist society. Old Boxer, the loyal party workhorse, is sold by the socialist leaders (pigs Snowball and Napoleon, thin disguises for Lenin and Stalin) to the slaughterhouse after he becomes useless. 
Nightwood means well, but a friend's father told his children that he might commit suicide a year before he did so, and it caused them endless anxiety and depression because they could not do anything about it. It might be more merciful to make an unannounced exit. 
Quarter of a billion for the Post? Considering that the Boston Globe sold for less than third of that, the Graham family and stockholders did not do too badly. Maybe the industry has bottomed out. 
If Brooke could have read this article before the accident, would he have chosen to live? (The hypothetical assumes he could not prevent the accident and could have stopped the nurse from reviving him in the moments after it.) I am guessing the answer would be no. His wife would have had an intense period of grief, then gotten over it and gone on with her life. And that's why he would have chosen to die, because he loves her. 
Well, at least this should remind us that obesity is not a uniquely American problem. Good luck to the mall walkers; something is always better than nothing. 
Statistical nonsense is not the same as plain old nonsense. Kahneman seems to tell us that if you get robbed in the same dark alley ten nights in a row, you should keep on going there because ten is not a statistically significant sample. I liked the book, too, but some things don't require quite that much testing. Dougr's point might be modified to say that aspirin's effect on cancer is an interesting possibility that is worth more study. 
Friedman undermines his sensible message with scare tactics. World population growth is slowing so that "ZPG" is possible in this century, and a world in which Chinese and Indians have an American standard of living is one in which the majority of its population will be willing to sacrifice something for a better environment. "Burn up the planet" phrases don't help the conversation. 
Great column, one of the most prescient comments on immigration and ethnic integration. Mutts we are, indeed. Fie on those who take offense at that vigorous term. America will lead the world with its disdain for ethnicity and eye on the future. A Fourth of July for the whole of humanity!
Sleep is good, but so are other things in life. The 8-hour optimum studies were experiments in which subjects had nothing to do when they were awake. Getting fired from your job because you slept in and missed a deadline is bad for your health, too. Forbidding an occasional late-night bout of homework can be similarly harmful to your children's life prospects. Lab studies are great, but they need a few reality checks before they get translated into recommendations for ordinary people. 
People seem to assume that talking on the phone is the same as talking with a passenger in the car. The big difference is that the passenger can help spot potential hazards--child in a crosswalk, a veering bicycle--while the person on the other end of the phone cannot. Back-seat driving helps offset the passenger distractions, but invisible correspondents cannot. 
We need to ask why the Fourth Amendment exists. It clearly contemplates that some guilty parties will not be apprehended. One reason for enduring this cost is to avoid abuse of power. The cops and their bosses are limited because they possess the awesome power of arrest and detainment, something the rest of us do not have and must submit to. So the Fourth limits the scope of what police can do, even if it allows some criminals to remain free. It helps us stay free of the police state, and this decision seems to reduce that protection. 
Niel, would you really rather not have known this? 
Mick, this may be the first time I have ever laughed right out loud while reading the New York Times.
Exactly.  The false idea that gluten-free food must be expensive seems to be rooted in the fact that gluten-free *processed* food is expensive.  But if you are facing a significant health challenge, you should probably be avoiding processed foods anyway.  Whole foods provide much better nutrition, nutrition which can help to normalize biological feedback loops.<br/><br/>Vegetables are gluten-free and generally inexpensive.  So are beans, and potatoes, and rice, and fruits.  <br/><br/>As I posted on an earlier article in this series, several years of testing various possibilities-- multiple times each--showed me that I am healthy when I avoid all gluten, all dairy, and eggs.  But when I eat even small amounts of these substances, I have a major autoimmune flare.  <br/><br/>Diet may not help all people with autoimmune disease, but it makes a real difference for others.  It's worth experimenting to see which camp you fall into.
I don't specifically have RA, but I do have "undifferentiated autoimmune disease" and my anti-nuclear antibodies have regularly been 1280 or higher.  I've also had significant extended problems with exhaustion and pain.  <br/><br/>Two things that have really helped me feel radically better: 1) Low-dose naltrexone, as mentioned in one of the questions here.  It has no bad side-effects; it's really cheap (especially if you make your own from 50 mg tablets--look on the web to find out how to do this; it's easy); and many people, including me, find that it greatly improves quality of life. <br/><br/>2) Food elimination diet.  Either follow the protocol that you can find on the internet for eliminating the eight most common problem food groups, or simply experiment with eliminating the foods that you suspect are a problem for you.  In my case, I get horribly sick for about a week if I eat wheat/gluten, dairy of any sort (milk, butter, cheese, cream), and/or eggs.  When I don't eat these foods, I feel good.<br/><br/>I mention these tips in the hope that they will be of use to someone else.  Much of my health improvement came about by following leads I found on the internet.
I just saw this story, so I hope my comment isn't too late.  If you're in Kansas City, I highly recommend the Jazz and Blues Museum, and the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum, which are right next to one another.  I don't even like baseball, but the Negro Leagues Museum was fascinating.  Then take yourself off to Arthur Bryant's Barbeque, which is right nearby.  It's not glamorous by a long shot, but the food is good and a visit there counts as a distinctive Kansas City experience.
If you re-read the piece, you'll see that the patient was "treated for 10 years" only with attention to her surface symptoms (sinus infections, etc.), and not (as far as we can tell from the essay) with attention to locating an underlying etiology that was producing those surface symptoms.  Finally the author of the piece determined, apparently, that the underlying etiology was psychosomatic.  That is what many of us are criticizing, because many of us have had hard-to-diagnose diseases dismissed as psychosomatic.  Being "treated for 10 years" is not at all the same thing as "being treated with an eye to figuring out what is really biologically wrong with the patient."
Thank you for your comment, Mary.  I had the same concern about this article.  After ten years of chronic illness that doctors told me was all in my head, I have finally been diagnosed with an autoimmune illness.  Doctors kept prescribing me Prozac (which I did not take, as I knew I had a biological problem).  It was a very, very hard slog to find a doctor who would actually look hard to figure out the nature of my problem, rather that assuming that *I* was the problem.<br/><br/>I can certainly understand that it is frustrating for a doctor who cannot figure out the cause of the patient's physical suffering.  But in my experience, doctors do not need any encouragement whatsoever to move to the conclusion that unexplained health problems are psychological in origin.
I agree with you that more than punishment is needed, and that prevention training would be very helpful.  But I disagree that "people who act out sexually have deep complex psychological problems."  That view makes the problem of sexual assault solely a matter of the individual's imbalance.  The reason why the sexual assault rate is so high in the military right now is not because there's such a high proportion of loonies in uniform, but because the culture of the military is currently a "rape culture."  Changing the culture is a major part of the battle, which is why prevention and educational initiatives would be very helpful.  But improving punishment structures is also very important, because it signals that the culture of sexual assault is no longer acceptable.
This is a great story.  Thanks for sharing it.  One thing you might want to be aware of, though: "the short hairs" is generally considered to be a euphemism for "pubic hair."  (A quick internet search confirms that this is in fact the standard definition.)  You might not have wanted to indicate that this was where/how your mother grabbed you.
The honor code at the college where I am a professor explicitly forbids handing in the same assignment to two different classes.  Consequently, doing so is cheating.
But when commanders overturn the verdicts of soldiers who are guilty of sexual assault, there is no good reason.  And it should not be allowed.
Store shopping is a pain.  I prefer buying online.  And I am female.
I have thyroid problems too, and something that has been very helpful to me is the Stop The Thyroid Madness website.  For many people, Synthroid does not help to restore full health.  Our bodies process thyroid hormones differently (medicine has yet to catch up on this point), meaning that we do not efficiently convert T4 to T3, and thus lack energy, motivation, mental clarity, etc. while taking T4 meds.  For anyone taking Synthroid but not experiencing robust good health, I recommend reading through the website and then taking your health into your own hands.  I did, and it has made an enormous positive difference for me.
I've read that eating tart cherriesdaily  (or drinking the juice) will alleviate (or at least mitigate) gout.  Apparently this is a folk remedy that actually works.
You report that this study shows that "people" with a higher resting heart rate will die earlier than those with a lower rate.  Yet the study relied exclusively on male subjects.  What are the implications for heart rate and mortality in women?  We don't know, because men's and women's bodies do not always behave in the same ways, and do not always have the same markers of good health and bad health (e.g., differing signs of impending and of actual heart attacks).  <br/><br/>It is a persistent problem in medicine and science that studies purporting to demonstrate results for "people" are performed only on men.  Please don't support that trend with factually incorrect journalism.  This study shows nothing about "people"; its results apply, as demonstrated, to males.
My blender container--a Vitamix--can't be disassembled for cleaning.  There must be rubber seals at the bottom to prevent the container from leaking.  I do wash it with warm to hot soapy water after each use, and then turn it upside down to air dry.  Am I likely to have the same problems discussed in this article?  If so, is there anything I can do short of dousing the blender with bleach?  
My understanding is that line cooks are paid a living hourly wage, while servers are not: the hourly wage for servers is far below the minimum wage.  Servers do work primarily for tips, while others in the restaurant do not.
What I really long for is a healthy fast-food restaurant with a drive-through window.  Sometimes I'm just in a hurry, or too tired to get out of my car . . . but I still don't want to eat junk.  
To Anne: Actually, making your own is quite inexpensive and can be very reliable.  Read Sandor Katz's blog online--he will tell you exactly how to do it.  I have never once had a failure, and I don't use any fancy equipment.  It's a great way to protect and upgrade your intestinal flora.
The girl may very well struggle with the trauma for the rest of her life.  Even though she was "physically unharmed," she may have PTSD.  You are wrong to underplay the long-term effects of being raped by multiple people, urinated on, treated as a non-human plaything, and treated as the source of all the trouble by many, many people in her community.<br/><br/>Yes, the perpetrators are technically not adults.  But they are only a year or two away.  They should have known better than to treat another human being like a thing.  <br/><br/>You do not have the platform to offer the perpetrators forgiveness.  Only the victim does.
Some testimony given elsewhere has suggested that the girl was given rohypnol, which if true, would account for her being completely passed out for a long time, and for her having passed out despite not having had a great deal to drink.  <br/><br/>Was this factor not raised at all at the trial, and if so, why not?
If I were gay, I would resent the black community's resentment of the comparison between the gay rights and civil rights movements.  <br/><br/>Obviously racial equality is morally and practically important, but so too is equality for LGBTQ folks.  I would hope that those who have personally experienced oppression would be even more aware of the need to end injustice for everyone.
How does some men's suffering make violence against women okay?
I suppose the point here is that banning is being actively used to promote certain ideals and I for one think that it is a dangerous trend comparable to the maxi-mini laws popping up all over the place.  I may agree with the ban, but I am not sure, like the writer, if a 'ban' is the right way to do it. <br/><br/>You may agree with some of the bans now, but eventually they could change to ban something you think is your right to do - like boating in rivers or driving after certain times, or eating certain things, saying certain things. . .and so on. 
great, so after S. Paiin who completely shifted the right with crazy ideas, we get a devout 'tea-party' privatization guy who is young and will influence the right for a generation.  Can we just get the old neo-cons back? At least they were clear. . .these guys are deranged.<br/><br/>In all seriousness, I think Romny should try to find the conservative core - not bow down to the most radical fringe group within that core.  Core does not mean fundamentalist, it means centrist.
it is simple really - public works build infrastructure and improve the economy and livelihoods of the people. Japan and Germany both have extreme weather, harsh winters hot summers floods and catastrophes.  It is an expensive investment that lasts for generations - and the infrastructure in the US has a very strong 1950s feel to it - because it is half a century old. <br/><br/>it is time to stop penny pinching and invest in better roads, a smart grid, and high speed trains.  If you don't then you will just spend more money patching the network up all the time - and that is delays, reliability, confidence and ultimately more cost - you invest now for the future.  But  with such a short political life cycle and people who think the world is going to end anyway - foresight is not an American strong suit.
A lot of conspiracy theory and overall distrust of the U.S. government here and unfounded.  I am sure the US has their intelligence agencies working on the Syrian boarder - but so is every other intelligence agency - it is their job to find out what is going on in Syria and they have an obligation to figure that out.  Beyond this, they are tasked with answering the basic question: who are these Free Syrians? Is this tribal, racial, religious, sectarian, regional - it is a combination of all these things, but it is their job to figure out what is what.<br/><br/>I think the US would rather have a UN security council resolution and go in in support of Turkey and Europe (they have a much larger stake in the region) and run logistics and support for an international peace/security force.  But the UN is a dead end, and the Saudis, the Turks, the Russian and  the Chinese are all already supplying arms to one side or the other - it is not a for profit thing - it is Geo-politics.  The xenophobia in a lot of comments is upsetting really - people are dying and we have an obligation to end a civil war that is destabilizing an already volatile region even further.   <br/><br/>Distributing arms in the region is the last thing the US wants to do, and I think it is commendable that it has not happened in a major way yet. But it is also clear that there are a lot of weapons pouring into Syria right now.  So who is untrustworthy or meddling in Syria? well, everyone is.
perhaps it is time to think about shifting the line a little - legalize some drugs and discourage the use of others?
If you want to hear the Syrian government's point of view you should look for Syrian state TV/Radio - they have it and there are bits in English (very little) and if you are in NYC, you can always find a translator, in NYC you can find just about anything.  The point is - they are shouting about how all this is being done by Al-Quaida o Israel or the US (I.e. convenient scapegoats used everywhere).<br/><br/>As for what changed - well - Assad and his papa were bad, but there was no wholesale shelling of cities. There was a very small (dedicated but small) and powerless set of fractured voices (some religious, some tribal, some racial, some regional) that have now all started to pour through the cracks (but still remain divided).  He went from an oppressive monarch to a mass murderer - that is what changed.  He was never treated with warmth, just with respect as the sole leader (lifetime) of Syria - and as the sole leader who does not need to worry about opinon poles and re-election, as a man that could someday come to peace with Israel, mediate in Lebanon, and become a major positive force in the region (like Egypt after Camp David). Dictators like Assad can take bold political steps.  If anything, it is the Russians and Chinese that are stuck in the realist paradigm here. . .
There is a real desire to 'go back to more simple times' in the US public, and I for on, am disappointing that a lot of people fail to see how different the new Russo-US relationship is.  But just because the Russian Federation is not in ideological opposition does not mean, like a lot of US analysts believed in the the late 80s, that they would agree on everything.It is surprising how many times the Us has been down this false logic in the past, with France in the 50s, with Israel in the 70s, with Russia in the 90s, and Iraq now - and every time history repeats itself, the price goes up.  <br/><br/>What the US and Western Europe need to contend with is that consensus will only become more difficult to achieve using international bodies - this is heralded by many as being a good thing since the lack of consensus is important to a democracy. Sadly, this also means that meaningful action and long term planing go out the window. So it is really up to the western public to make up their minds - do they want to simply accept that as the most dominant social, political, and economic force they have a larger stake in stability, peace and the propagation of the status quo, and are willing to act unilaterally in places like Syria or Georgia or Asia for a higher cause and take the label of being imperialists or do they want to build consensus with parties that do not agree and have a very metric.  Consensus is Syria and Tibet, Empire is Afghanistan and Iraq, there is no abstention.
The law is going to have to truly be blind on this one.  No matter how deplorable the shooting was, if Zimmerman acted within th bounds of the law - then he cannot be convicted.  if people have a problem with 'stand your ground' laws(as I do) then let this be something to overturn those laws and better define them. <br/><br/>It is a cold thing to say for sure - that a young man is shot for no apparent reason. But the racial politics and the impartiality of the public will only make it harder to accept the final verdict.  Zimmerman may be charged for disobeying a an officer of the law, but murder 1 will most likely not stick.<br/><br/>If you don't like that, blame the law.  As much as it hurts to say that, the impartiality of the law outweighs my personal opinion about the law.  And that is why I vote against these kinds of laws and don't support politicians who do.
I read your tech posts with the same skepticism that I do propaganda. Your review is not a review in any critical way but a full heated endorsement from someone who clearly considers himself an early convert.<br/><br/>You used to be a little more reflective, but since the Iphone, its just a love affair with apple products.<br/><br/>Granted, it is a well crafted, fine looking, well engineered device to be sure, but you neglect to mention in a comparative way the cost, the lack of modability, the lack of a USB drive, still no flash (sorry, flash is huge - and it is time apple stop denying people a huge part of the web that uses it).<br/><br/>Overall, apple products still account for 3 to 7% of the global internet in terms of access.  This is hard to imagine on a collage campus in the U.S. perhaps - but to many of us looking in the whole thing seems a bit. . .over-zealous.<br/><br/>(puts on fire suit)
nice to see some more realism about how minor the changes are and th marketing strategy that apple employs.  Many people, notably people like Pogue, are far too enthusiastic about apple products and need to get a reality check - the price is simply too high still for what you are getting.  <br/><br/>Of course I expect people to disagree - but I suppose as someone who does not live in the U.S. the idea of consumer cult really scares me a lot.  And in Japan where I live, we have many consume cults - but not with the same suspension of reason that I keep hearing over and over again from U.S. apple fans.<br/><br/>If I were waiting on buying an Ipad with some degree of expectation, I would be disappointing really. . .no usb, no flash, not much modability outside of 'approved apps' - to me its a very good looking prison technologically.<br/><br/>Many people are waking up in the handheld market, I hope that the same consumer savvy and expectation transfers to the tablet market.
I wonder if the deal involved Japan and South Korea in the discussion of if this was unilateral.  If it was unilateral, then it sets a dangerous precedent in light of a host of issues surrounding DPRK and the investment the region has made.  Seemingly a breakthrough for the US, but full of possible backlash unless the other parties were kept in the loop.
How about religious activism where people, not even an elected body, is telling me (or anyone) who they can and can't marry based on gender. . . If California or any other state decided that interracial marriage, or international marriage should be illegal how is that different - without resorting to Leviticus.<br/><br/>Sometimes the courts need to step in and keep the secular nature of law honest.
If the UN SC gets the green light to go in and stop this - the U.S. will be at the forefront, along with GB, France, Germany and some Arab countries. The popular press will label this as some sort of imperialism, but the alternative is worse - its 5k civilians now and rising - and from what I read - there is no reliable tally after 5k because the UN stopped counting.
If the 9th C. court ruling is upheld before the Supreme Court - then that will finally put this issue to rest once and for all and grant equal rights to homosexuals.<br/><br/>The theological argument against it will not stand in what is supposed to b a legal secular society that recognizes equal rights - and just wait when future documentaries look back at this period in history and condemn us as a whole for supporting something as ridiculous as the segregation of sexual orientation.  Next is going to be the fight for the right to adopt, and that too will be resisted with tens of millions of dollars - and also ultimately fail to stop this civil rights movement of our day.
Sources before you make conjectures.
So I assume Genocide (civil war), or internal cleansing (internal matter) should also not merit intervention?<br/><br/>I suppose the real question is - how many people need to die before you think the international community should intervene, and by intervene, I mean, sanctions and a weapons embargo here.  Or did you not read the draft resolution.<br/><br/>Or to put it more figuratively - how many people does it take to make mass murder?
this is typical style of middle east policy argument where because country X does something bad, its ok because Israel exists and does this bad things.<br/><br/>The Israel/Palestine conflict has nothing to do with Syria, the Syrian people are not revolting against their government because of Israel or the U.S. or any other country, they are revolting because their conditions of living, their ability to express their political sovereignty has been taken from them.  You may have an opinion on Israel, but that should not inform your opinion on all matters related to the middle-east.  It seems that anytime anyone criticizes a Iran or Syria or Pakistan or China, the first thing people argue is the U.S. this or Israel that - but that does not acknowledge the issue, it is deflecting it, and perhaps a sign that scapegoating still works.  Stop blaming others and take the issue at hand for what it is.  And internal Syrian movement for democracy and freedom like Egypt, Tunisia, and Libya.  And why does China or Russia get to deny them that? I would say that is as bad as the U.S. giving it to them (which is not the case). 
Another disappointing show of conflicting interest from the UN.  While the mission and ideal is fine, it is incapable of actually resolving or acting to prevent or arrest this sort of thing.  A non-intervention policy is a non-policy, it is a cop out.  Sure, I understand countries like China fear international intervention, since despotic powers always fear greater powers - but really - I agree with Ambassador Rice that Russia and China have not made a good argument and are on the wrong side of history.  Fear perhaps that they see their own power slipping.<br/><br/>At least organizations like ASEAN are honest enough to recognize that there is no enforcement or treaty potential in international diplomacy - why should the UN keep pretending if they cannot stop something as clear as this.
go get them Giants!
Some people here argue that U.S. progressive policies have failed, rather, I would ask them to take a look at the systematic dismantling of social policy and social security since the 80s and compare them to Canada and Continental Europe which have ramped up welfare. Some people argue that market forces, if left unchecked would give more opportunity, but the data clearly points to the opposite fact. If those people wanting someone like Ron Paul to take office think that the poor and undereducated can compete without help are living a delusion - and while I stand to profit from that bad decision, i cannot help but wonder who convinced all these people to take this path. The idea that society is a shared responsibility and everyone needs to chip in to make it as equitable as possible seems to be lost in the U.S. and when I do suggest that to some people - I get called a communist.  Very odd indeed!
4.8 bil vs. 14.9 bil - soon to be most powerful economy? Sounds like the 80s with Japan all over again with this fear mongering.  <br/><br/>I more find it funny that china is pointing out 2,500 troops to north Australia. U.S. strategic interest in the region is high, if china is so worried, ask the auzzies to let them build a base.  2,500 is a very very small number - probably there for training.  But the doves hoot.
representative democracy =/= direct democracy.
as a history and philosophy teacher - I find the division between lineral and conservative to be questionable. But people who were raised in protistant enviornments, especially very religious ones are almost impossible to teach and I recommend they go to the social sciences or the hard sciences where there is more obvious methodology.  I cannot fight a student who rejects a philosophical system because it calls into question their personal beliefs.  Liberals are also inclinded to reject, but given the choise, they at least give the idea a chance - and thats all I need to work with.<br /><br />So its not bias on the part of the institution or subject - its the bias of the student that starts the ball rolling.
Chinse nationalists can claim whatever pre-history they want concerning the disputed islands - the issue was turned into a territorial dispute by savy politicos in the political office in bejin.  the chinese captain was not being tried for crossing into japanese waters (that would have been simple expultion) but rather that he actually fired on the Japanese coast-guard.  i don't care who you are, if you fire at the coast guard of any navy, then shoot off in a high seas chase and get caught, then you should be tried for that agression.  To bing up the whole history of the sino-japanese war everytime something happens is becoming a bore.<br /><br />'Diaoyu Island belongs to Chinese territory hundreds years before the Communists took over China, and that's part of the reason that Taiwan also claims for it.' - this is the error of logic, the 'chinese' also claimed Vietnam, Korea, and Japan as theirs 100s of years before the Communists took over - historical claim is always dubious.  Taiwan does not claim them, the only reason anyone argues that is because by extention it would make it a chinese claim.  Please, stop being a mouth peice for the central government.
I would not mind a ban on smoking outdoors if the city would give buisness' the choise on whether to be smoking or non-smoking.  As it stands, I cannot smoke in a bar, I cannot smoke in the park, I cannot smoke on the sidewalk. .  basically I cannot smoke unless I drive to another state.  So I am packing my bags.  I was raised with the toughest people in the world - the avarage new yorker could take anything - now its a city full of people who werre not raised there and want their idiotic social norms imposed on everyone else.  Can't stand the smoke? cross the street, take a detour, just stay inside.<br /><br />Also, if you have a lung condition - move to Vermont.  NYC is a city - its full of cars, trains, bus' and such - the small amount of cigarate smoke you get outside is really not going to hurt  you anymore then crossing the street anytime of day in the city.  Its scary to think that LA has more lax laws concerning cigarate smoking then NY. Wherever these self-procalmed new yorker transplants from the sub-burbs come from, I would appriciate them stoping their mission to 'fix' the city.  It was fine as it was.  Well, I guess its time to pack my stuff and move out west where pot will be legal and I can have a cigaratte without some hypocodriac blaming me for all their imaginary illnesses.
We'll, Mr. Encanta, the ACA is the law and people will be starting to sign<br/>up for health insurance this Tuesday. It's been debated  ad nauseum,<br/>and was a prominent issue in the last Presidential election. It's a done<br/>deal. You must not have been paying any attention the last few years.
Mine only went up a few dollars...you need to shop around.
The problem we have is that the right wing really does hate government,<br/>and does want to shut it down. All the rest of us can carry on, wonder how<br/>they can do what they're doing, etc. but this is what they want. And they're<br/>going to get their shutdown, and it's going to go on for awhile. And then we get to<br/>the debt ceiling debate and they will push that too, over the brink if they have<br/>their way. This is where we are.
They would only view it as a scarce commodity<br/>because they can't afford it.
I was the surrogate for my Grandmother and had to make an end of<br/>life decision for her. It was extremely difficult but, she had told me<br/>in no uncertain terms, more than once, that she didn't want any<br/>artificial measures to be taken,and she was also clear about what<br/>measures she was talking about. This was a great gift to me during a<br/>very emotional time, and one I was very grateful for.
So the delightful Liz Cheney is challenging a sitting Senator who<br/>thought he was good friends with her father, tries to blame a clerk<br/>over a mess up with her fishing license, and now throws her sister<br/>under the bus so as not to disturb the sensibilities of any future voters<br/>who may not be too keen on gay marriage. Very tone deaf start to her<br/>political career.
sherr29, if I lived in NJ I would not be voting for your Governor for many of the<br/>reasons you outline. My question is why, in a state that generally supports<br/>Democrats, Mr. Christie is expected to handily win re-election?
I kinda like Christie, but his schtick is already getting kinda old. Really can't<br/>imagine him as the President of the United States of America.
Miley Cyrus, age 20 plus Robin Thicke, age 36 equals gross.
Just wondering how much State Senator Schaaf pays for his health insurance?<br/>Oh that's right, the state, meaning the taxpayer, picks up that tab for him.<br/>Interesting how easy it is for some of these guys to be all high and mighty with<br/>their so- called principles when it doesn't cost them a cent.
Well, apparently we're all now self-loathing if it makes you feel any better.
Wow, this column was kind of convoluted. But, yes, Paul McCartney is still<br/>terrific, no disagreement on that point.
Very funny (love that show)!
Do you think the law mandates that everyone has to buy an individual<br/>policy even if they already have one through their job, etc?<br/>If not, then your analogy makes no sense.
My mother had Alzheimer's for 15 years before she died of this horrible disease, and your narrative was spot on. Thank you.
I pay almost $600 a month with a $5000 deductible just for myself.<br/>Insurance bought privately is very expensive.
That's what the GOP said about Social Security and Medicare.
You mean like now?
Really?
Okay, you all have convinced me I needed this cookbook.<br/>Ran out, bought it, just poured myself a glass of wine and have<br/>settled in for a good read!
Well, apparently not. Almost 800 people have commented thus far,<br/>Including you.
Yes, and probably get her elected.
Being that Mitch McConnell is up for re-election in 2014 he might want to avoid talking about the Golden Girls in a negative way. I suspect they're still a lot more<br/>popular that he is.
And this from a man that thinks a women takes a birth control<br/>pill every time she has sex...you know, like Viagra. For a man<br/>married four times he's either not paying attention, or not asking<br/>any questions.
And why don't you support Obamacare?
Would Americans feel better if our security agencies simply purchased (as opposed to collecting) such data from Facebook, Google, et al., like so many corporations already do (for non-National Security purposes)?<br/><br/>I value my privacy just as much as the next American...but I'd also like to remain alive whilst I'm enjoying it.
Things weve learned this week:<br/><br/>1)	That a newly elected Pope can be more rational, practical and commonsensical than a freshly elected Senator from Texas.
The Ted Cruz 'Show'.<br/><br/>Something tells me that this man will have all the time in the world to read Dr. Seuss to his daughter immediately following his next election cycle.
"Vote for Merkel Seen as Victory for Austerity": Unless you're on the receiving end of it.<br/><br/>Chancellor Merkel, a physical chemist by training, seems to take an overly deterministic lab-like tact towards governance: If I do this to that, then the calculations state that this should happen. Only, the world rarely works that way on the very messy macro-level of hour to hour human existence. 
'American made' matters to me if it means that some fellow American worker out there has earned a decent wage in the production of the item I am considering purchasing. However, my fear is that more and more companies will acquire technology (quite likely from foreign sources) to automate the American worker out of the process and, quite lawfully, slap an American Made sticker on the end product.<br/><br/>Very good article (plus graphics and photos). Well done.
*here*
Two things are guaranteed to happen hear: <br/><br/>A) People will complain.<br/>B) People will, yet again, submit.
As a person of color, I wonder if the lack of minorities in philosophy is not more due to the notion in many minority households that the opportunity to go to college is a means to a more utilitarian end (social mobility) and the pursuit of a degree in Philosophy...an impractical luxury.<br/><br/>This is not to diminish the importance of Philosophy, of course.
Professor Cowen seems to think that the hundreds-of-millions of "algorithmically displaced" human beings around the globe will simply shrug in acceptance of their fates and go off quietly into the night, never to be heard from again.<br/><br/>History (and human nature) teaches us exactly the opposite. What does he think the military will act at the behest of the lucky few? News for Prof. Cowen, the military is, by and large, manned by the sons, daughters, sisters and brothers, etc of those most vulnerable to being displaced by automation. Does he really think that they would "turn their bayonets" on their own loved ones because some soft-palmed politician has told them to do so?
The thing is there are places - entire countries - around the globe that are virtually free of any functioning form of government; Mali and Somalia come to mind...maybe Egypt in a couple more weeks.<br/>Why, then, can't these anti-government types simply relocate instead of attempting to  remake the United States into one of the government free "paradises" listed above? <br/><br/>Do send posts cards, and let us know how you like your new lives of "freedom" from the tyranny of Law and Order, Infrastructure, a medical system...civilization...etc. 
<br/>So far, all we've heard about is what an agent with access to this capability "could possibly look at" before he or she is stopped by system audits.<br/><br/>Thus far, the ONLY person with access to the system who has abused that access is SNOWDEN HIMSELF.<br/><br/>Otherwise, someone please direct me to the documents (or any other evidence) Snowden has published which provide PROOF of his claims of abuse or misuse.<br/><br/>waiting...
Reagan, Dole and McCain were/are all 'men'.<br/>Former Secretary of State, Clinton is a 'woman'.<br/>These are Republicans.<br/><br/>You see?
After they're done using him, I hope they reward him with full life long retirement...in a North Korean labor camp.
A) Did he accept any money from the Guardian for his "scoop"?<br/><br/>B) Does he believe that China, to which he has fled, provides greater civil liberties and respect for the privacy of its citizens (electronic, or otherwise) than the United States?
What methods would YOU employ in an effort  to detect and prevent terrorists attacks BEFORE they are successfully executed against Americans? What would YOU  be "okay with."?<br/><br/>Waiting...
"In 2012, 11,098 people were killed by terrorism globally, according to a new report by the U.S. State Department. TEN were Americans" ~The Wall Street Journal<br/><br/>There's a reason for this relatively low rate of American deaths at the hands of terrorists, and it's not just dumb luck.<br/><br/>We (and our data) no longer live in the 1700s; the world has changed. Evolve with it, or fall prey to it.
Nice job blogging. <br/><br/>I'm at work, so your updates are greatly appreciated. Mike Smith, huh? You can NEVER count that guy out.<br/><br/>Interrogative; who trains Palace Malice? If it's Nick Zito I might feel compelled to punch myself in the face for missing yet another Zito Belmont bomb.  Thanks again. 
First, Mrs. Obama puts a heckler in check, and then President Obama puts John McCain and Lindsey Graham in checkif not cardiac arrest.<br/><br/>A good day for America. A good day, indeed.
That portion of the country you're referring to became "alienated" the night Mr. Obama won the 2008 Presidential Election...AFTER having been born black. Any hopes for "bi-partisan efforts" (i.e. Republican-ese for "Give me EVERYTHING I demand, or no deals") between Democrats and Republicans was lost at that point as well...even before Mr. Obama had executed a single one of his policies.<br/><br/>You're right, she is fully qualified and she probably will do a great job. That should be enough. As for the politics of it, there is no possible gain and nothing further to lose when you're talking about the current iteration of the once sane Republican Party.
I am a progressive minded Democrat who grew up in Democrat supporting household. I am also a person of color whose life, to this date, has included a fair amount of success.<br/><br/>I am still waiting for the likes of E.W. Jackson, Herman Cain, and Dr. Ben Carson to explain to me, in detail, precisely how the Democratic Party has held me back or otherwise harmed me. <br/><br/>Additionally, I would like these men to detail exactly how they have come to the conclusion that the Republican Party (or Conservatism) is responsible for the successes theyve achieved in their lives.
The "creep factor" aside, Weiner's fatal flaw is that he is a proven security risk.<br/><br/> Here, this man was closest to a highly trusted assistant  (The lovely Huma) to the then Secretary of the United States, yet he does not recognize the risk in sending highly compromising personal "information" to strangers over the internet.<br/><br/>That time it was, among others, a twenty-something year old coed from Texas. Next time it'll be a fifty-something year old highly seasoned Chinese operative posing as a twenty-something year old coed from Texas.
I've witnessed the same at several companies I've worked at. <br/><br/>CEOs receiving accolades for demonstrating not one iota of business talent or acumen . Instead of demonstrating their value by actually increasing market share, they merely consolidate stagnate (or falling) profits at the top by CUTTING everywhere else.<br/><br/>As the saying goes... "A monkey can do that"...and for a LOT LESS money.
I usually stop reading at "McCain says...".
That "calculus" should include a NATO orchestrated and executed takeover of "western Syria" from the southern border of Turkey (a NATO member) to the Euphrates, along with a no-fly zone.<br/><br/>This would provide a means of alleviating the growing burden of Syrian refugees on neighboring countries, as well as providing a place of refuge for those Syrians who do not wish to live under the Assad regime. <br/><br/>In any case, Assad and his executors must still be held accountable by global powers, as their bloody methods must not be rewarded with some peace deal which allows them to remain in power in "eastern Syria". <br/><br/>They've gone too far.
He could point out that Mr. Bush  along with the rest of The gang who couldnt invade straight  is the only living human being who can say that his actions directly resulted in the birth of a new global state.<br/><br/>The new state of WEST IRANonly courteously still referred to as Iraq. 
I'd be fine with the NSA collecting my information if they were honest about doing it. How can anyone trust those who lie to Congress? 
There's nothing wrong with looking at call logs if they get a court warrant first (a real warrant, not from the FISC). I doubt they would include that part in TV shows since it's rather boring. 
I'm curious as to why Lavabit didn't want to hand over Snowden's data. Is it because they don't accept the validity of FISA warrants or NSL's , or because they don't think what Snowden did was a crime? The implications of each are quite different. 
"If they search through my email, they will see that I have no intention of harming anyone."<br/><br/>Are you sure they're just checking to see if you're going to "harm anyone?" How easy would it be for them to use these searches against political dissidents? 
Funny, I remember signing up for accounts with Facebook and Amazon, but not with the NSA. 
The government has always been able to get a warrant from a court (a real, public court) to spy on people suspected of wrongdoing. That system was perfectly adequate. If blanket surveillance is so much better, why didn't it stop the Boston bombings? <br/><br/>The choice we have isn't between letting the government spy on everyone or doing nothing at all about terrorism. We had an effective  not to mention constitutional  system in place before this. 
How does this ruling NOT eviscerate a free press? As you said, cases set up a rule for ALL cases following thereafter. <br/><br/>If reporters refuse to testify against their sources they will most definitely not be "free," they will be put in jail. On the other hand if they do testify against their sources people will stop giving them valuable information, in which case they will not be "free" to report on the subjects they might want to. Most of the press is already nothing more than "infotainment." The last thing we need is for the few journalists who want to report real news losing their power to do so. <br/><br/>Reporter's privilege has been the default up until now and the sky has not fallen because of it. There is also attorneyclient privilege, so this would hardly be the first time someone who knew about a crime was not permitted to report it. I agree there must be a balance and that's exactly why these rules were invented.<br/><br/>I
"What would you say, then?"<br/><br/>I would say it's an unfortunate situation, but it can't be helped. It is more important to preserve a free press than to put one particular criminal in jail. 
A little logic can show how massive surveillance doesn't keep anyone safe.<br/><br/>It goes without saying that the smart terrorists use code words when they communicate. If one person e-mails another saying "my petunias are almost blooming," how do you know whether the word "petunia" is code for "bomb" or whether they're actually talking about flowers? You don't  unless you *already* have knowledge that some terrorists use "petunia" as a code word. To get that knowledge, you need to have had prior contact with a known terrorist organization. And if you already have that contact, you don't need to spy on everyone, only the people who are also contacting that organization. <br/><br/>Funny thing is, the government has *always* had the right to spy on known terrorist organizations, even without a warrant.
This is the real problem here; if you don't care about online privacy, you should at least care about the existence of secret courts and bodies of law. These are the tools of authoritarian regimes. Don't be fooled into thinking that just because we hold elections means we will always have a free country. Elected officials can be can be transformed into powerless figureheads just like kings and queens have been.
Companies do not want to "invest in the health and wellness of their team." Unemployment is high enough that they can afford to keep using employees up, spitting them out and hiring new ones. Conditions will not improve for workers until that changes. 
You raise a very good point. It seems that people these days are either overworked or unemployed, with no middle ground. If this trend continues (and our social welfare systems hold up) we will eventually reach the point where half the continent is working so that the other half doesn't have to.<br/><br/>I think the solution is to equally divide up not money but labor. In other words, set a maximum workweek  and put enough enforcement in place to make sure companies stick to it. This would reduce both unemployment and the health problems caused by overworking.
Well of course they want to criminalize journalism. It is the nature of governments to always want more power than they currently have. 
The problem isn't technology, it's the law. When the corporation was first invented, our government saw the limitless power such entities could potentially attain, and so it instituted many laws to govern how corporations operate. Unfortunately some of those laws never worked as expected, and the ones that did work have been eroded over time by lobbyists with money. To fix the wealth imbalance in our society, all we need to do is fix those corporate regulations that are not working. Wealth distribution would happen automatically instead of inefficiently through some kind of government program. <br/><br/>We have forgotten that the corporation is not an indelible entity. It is an artifice that we invented, and we have the power to change how it functions.
I doubt that the 12 million pounds is legally enforceable, but otherwise this agreement makes sense. Wikileaks' very survival depends on being secretive.  They certainly can't be held to the same standards of transparency as a government or even a large corporation. <br/><br/>The idea of selling information to publishers is nothing to complain about either.  Nonprofit organizations often charge fees for their services. For example, even though your local Humane Society is a registered charity, you still have to pay money to adopt a pet from it.
