I literally just came back from the King Memorial in Atlanta and logged in to find these news. RIP Rev. and thank you.
Since most employers are self funded for claim expenses the insurance companies aren't as directly impacted by changes in claim volume. Also, its a marketplace. The insurance companies risk losing business when they raise prices without a basis.
It really bothers me that the Times is reporting Obama's position as a hardline position, suggesting it is comparable to the position the Republicans have taken, most recently during the debt ceiling debacle. The R's have called for no increased taxes, period, and have taken an expansive view of what constitutes a new or increased tax, including closing loopholes, failing to let taxes sunset. An equivalent plan by Obama would demand reducing the deficit only through tax increases. Obama has instead proposed a compromise - spending cuts balanced by tax increases. That is hardly a hardline position.
Mr. Krugman, you wrote a very thought provoking article. From a personal perspective, I have seen the power of nurses increase over the last 30 years. Their jobs can not be shipped out of the country, have a lot of manual labor and they are well trained and educated.I do dispute your suggestion that we need to enable unions. Non-government workers should have the right to unionize, if they want. If the jobs can be exported or automated, having a union will do no good. As you pointed out, it is the nature of the work that makes the position secure. Power will flow to those workers whose jobs require skill, manual labor and education or training. A labor union will not provide a middle class income from jobs that require few skills, very little training and no education. I wish it were otherwise.
One of the things I've been longing for over the last couple of years is to return to a walkable city. Now that my husband and I are planning our imminent move back to Washington, D.C., our top criteria for a new home is the ability to walk to our jobs, grocery stores, cafes, etc. I know we'll be healthier and it's just such a pleasure to take walks.
My son was diagnosed at the age of 7 (after a three week evaluation at an outpatient psychiatric unit) with bi-polar disorder, OCD, generalized anxiety and ADHD. His psychiatrist specifically wanted to determine if he suffered from other disorders before considering treating ADHD with medication. The doctor told me he was concerned that ADHD medication might provoke manic symptoms and he needed to rule out the other diagnosis before considering ADHD treatment. My son is now 15 and has never been prescribed medication for ADHD even though he continues to have dis tractability and attention issues. I have always been thankful and feel quite blessed to have had such thoughtful doctors for my son. My son struggles academically but he is a huge success as a thoughtful, caring and articulate human being. The abuse of ADHD medications for academic success is an old story. Proper and thorough diagnosis is important for children and adults. Redefining success is just as important.
This is just too cool!
Amazon, for its own survival, must filter out biased reviews. I stopped using my Kindle about 6 months ago because I could not reliably find books worth reading using reviews on the Kindle store or the Amazon website. Just last evening my husband complained that he could find nothing he wanted to read by using Kindle recommendations or best-seller lists. I have resorted to reading books from the 80s and 90s that I missed out on or have returned to the physical bookstore. But the NYT should not judge Amazon too harshly: I learned to disregard the NYT Book Review long ago after purchasing too many terribly executed books that received great reviews (e.g. Angelology and The Rule of Four). Amazon isn't the only place corrupted by dishonest reviews.
I'm a local and sometimes I like to get out of the city with my wife for a little weekend retreat. One of our favourites is a bed and breakfast called River Run Cottages. They're in Ladner and have one of those floating houses right on the Fraser River.Check out the website at www.riverruncottages.com
I hate waking up early, but early to rise makes the day more productive and more time to do important things.
Healthcare is not subject to normal market forces! Anything that you have to buy at any random moment in order not to die is not something to which a rational supply/demand calculus can apply. Check out "Penny Medical" articles on how to reduce the cost of insurance.
I disagreed with Christopher Hitchens on any number of issues, but I am furious that that excellent mind has ceased to be.
As the mother of two kids whom I adore truly, madly, and deeply, this task seems impossible. I will be thinking about this in coming days, months, years, I am sure. But for the moment, I would say that the most important wish I have for my children is that they be generous. Be generous! With whatever they have. Time. Money. Expertise. And most of all, love. In a situation where they could give more or less, give more. Yes, it comes with some risk, at least some of the time. But the potential positive difference in another person's life outweighs the risk. You never can know what someone else is up against, and how and act of generosity could turn a crushing tide in their favor. Be generous. Err on the side of generosity. It's better than looking back and wishing you'd given more when you had the chance.
It is important to note that, unlike other delegates, the DC delegate represents citizens who pay full federal taxes. DC Vote activists have asked Rep. Boehner to consider the District of Columbia separately from other territories represented by non-voting delegates.
He probably got tired of her telling him to turn down the music.
I don't appreciate having my tax dollars used to fund war. Most Christians and many of other faiths have this same conflict.Both war and abortion involve death and yet only the latter appears to have any voice with the media or receive any extra consideration from most of our representatives. I don't see this healthcare bill funneling any extra dollars to assist those that choose to have abortions. If anything, overall life may be lengthened through this action. To that end, Mr. Stupak and all other representatives that supported this action on Sunday are pro-life Democrats and should be commended for their brave support of we the people.
Shoring up existing infrastructure in this country is certainly a priority. However, rather than building new highways, now may be a good time for stepping further into the green economy. More money should be spent on alternative energy, that much is clear. However, I'd like to make the radical suggestion that another area ripe for exploration in this great nation is alternative transportation, including regional train networks. Traffic is an existing, free-market based disincentive for driving, but folks lack better options, which makes the opportunity to invest in greener infrastructure than just concrete appealing. The construction of regional train systems could create much needed jobs now while, in addition, creating a service that will offer good paying service jobs in the future.
I'm a Sox fan and even I regret Cone leaving. But it could have been worse. Singleton might have left in which case I'd be hitting the mute button for half the broadcast. Getting Kaat back? Great fantasy...but unfortunately that's only a little more likely than Phil and Bobby returning.
I came of age during the digital revolution. At 31 I can still remember learning how to use a card catalog. I also remember hearing a great song on the radio and heading out to spend 16.99 on the CD, and in many cases being extremely disappointed that that one great song was the only great song. I remember using Napster in high school and all its heirs throughout college. When my interests spread from music and movies to news and journalism, there it all was, spread across the internet, and free. When the NYT started charging for online access I did my best to get around it, ingeniously (or so I thought) finding links that would take me directly to the articles I wanted to read. Then a friend gifted me a 6 month digital subscription. Finally I could simply go to the main page and click through article after article at will. When the subscription expired, I started paying for continued access. There are dozens of other sites I check regularly, and I can't say which I'd be willing to pay for (or how much) and which I could simply cut out, but as this article states--"People will pay to read the paper"--if my case is indicative, yes, they will. Deliver a quality, well-rounded product, make it affordable, and yes, even those who grew up at a unique time thinking "news was free," even we will pay for it.
Issues of hunger and homelessness are best addressed at their root cause--cultural and economic forces. The United States is an individualistic, violent, corporation-contolled society that creates conditions in which people go hungry amidst abundance. The geese cannot solve this problem. And they should not.

